<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id g9V2foW24311" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA. &lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="james_ngola2002@maktoob.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-10-31T02:38:20Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="james_ngola2002@maktoob.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id g9V2foW24311" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="james_ngola2002@maktoob.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200210310241.g9V2fNm6028281@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA." />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA. &lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA. &lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-10-31T02:38:20Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-10-31T02:38:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="(james_ngola2002@maktoob.com)." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Oct 30 21:41:56 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200210310241.g9V2fNm6028281@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA." />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA. &lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. JAMES NGOLA. &lt;james_ngola2002@maktoob.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200210310241.g9V2fNm6028281@cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MR. JAMES NGOLA.
CONFIDENTIAL TEL: 233-27-587908.
E-MAIL: (james_ngola2002@maktoob.com).

URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP.


DEAR FRIEND,

I AM ( DR.) JAMES NGOLA, THE PERSONAL ASSISTANCE TO THE LATE CONGOLESE (PRESIDENT LAURENT KABILA) WHO WAS ASSASSINATED BY HIS BODY GUARD ON 16TH JAN. 2001.


THE INCIDENT OCCURRED IN OUR PRESENCE WHILE WE WERE HOLDING MEETING WITH HIS EXCELLENCY OVER THE FINANCIAL RETURNS FROM THE DIAMOND SALES IN THE AREAS CONTROLLED BY (D.R.C.) DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO FORCES AND THEIR FOREIGN ALLIES ANGOLA AND ZIMBABWE, HAVING RECEIVED THE PREVIOUS DAY (USD$100M) ONE HUNDRED MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS, CASH IN THREE DIPLOMATIC BOXES ROUTED THROUGH ZIMBABWE.

MY PURPOSE OF WRITING YOU THIS LETTER IS TO SOLICIT FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE AS TO BE A COVER TO THE FUND AND ALSO COLLABORATION IN MOVING THE SAID FUND INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT THE SUM OF (USD$25M) TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY, WHICH I DEPOSITED WITH A SECURITY COMPANY IN GHANA, IN A DIPLOMATIC BOX AS GOLDS WORTH (USD$25M) TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY FOR SAFE KEEPING IN A SECURITY VAULT FOR ANY FURTHER INVESTMENT PERHAPS IN YOUR COUNTRY. 

YOU WERE INTRODUCED TO ME BY A RELIABLE FRIEND OF MINE WHO IS A TRAVELLER,AND ALSO A MEMBER OF CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AS A RELIABLE AND TRUSTWORTHY PERSON WHOM I CAN RELY ON AS FOREIGN PARTNER, EVEN THOUGH THE NATURE OF THE TRANSACTION WAS NOT REVEALED TO HIM FOR SECURITY REASONS.


THE (USD$25M) WAS PART OF A PROCEEDS FROM DIAMOND TRADE MEANT FOR THE LATE PRESIDENT LAURENT KABILA WHICH WAS DELIVERED THROUGH ZIMBABWE IN DIPLOMATIC BOXES. THE BOXES WERE KEPT UNDER MY CUSTODY BEFORE THE SAD EVENT THAT TOOK THE LIFE OF (MR. PRESIDENT).THE CONFUSION THAT ENSUED AFTER THE ASSASSINATION AND THE SPORADIC SHOOTING AMONG THE FACTIONS, I HAVE TO RUN AWAY FROM THE COUNTRY FOR MY DEAR LIFE AS I AM NOT A SOLDIER BUT A CIVIL SERVANT I CROSSED RIVER CONGO TO OTHER SIDE OF CONGO LIBREVILLE FROM THERE I MOVED TO THE THIRD COUNTRY GHANA WHERE I AM PRESENTLY TAKING REFUGE. 

AS A MATTER OF FACT, WHAT I URGENTLY NEEDED FROM YOU IS YOUR ASSISTANCE IN MOVING THIS MONEY INTO YOUR ACCOUNT IN YOUR COUNTRY FOR INVESTMENT WITHOUT RAISING EYEBROW. FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE I WILL GIVE YOU 20% OF THE TOTAL SUM AS YOUR OWN SHARE WHEN THE MONEY GETS TO YOUR ACCOUNT, WHILE 75% WILL BE FOR ME, OF WHICH WITH YOUR KIND ADVICE I HOPE TO INVEST IN PROFITABLE VENTURE IN YOUR COUNTRY IN OTHER TO SETTLE DOWN FOR MEANINGFUL LIFE, AS I AM TIRED OF LIVING IN A WAR ENVIRONMENT. 

THE REMAINING 5% WILL BE USED TO OFFSET ANY COST INCURRED IN THE CAUSE OF MOVING THE MONEY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. IF THE PROPOSAL IS ACCEPTABLE TO YOU PLEASE CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY THROUGH THE ABOVE TELEPHONE AND E-MAIL, TO ENABLE ME ARRANGE FACE TO FACE MEETING WITH YOU IN GHANA FOR THE CLEARANCE OF THE FUNDS BEFORE TRANSFRING IT TO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT AS SEEING IS BELIEVING. 

FINALLY, IT IS IMPORTANT ALSO THAT I LET YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS NO RISK INVOLVED WHATSOEVER AS THE MONEY HAD NO RECORD IN KINSHASA FOR IT WAS MEANT FOR THE PERSONAL USE OF (MR. PRESIDEND ) BEFORE THE NEFARIOUS INCIDENT OCCURRED, AND ALSO I HAVE ALL THE NECESSARY DOCUMENTS AS REGARDS TO THE FUNDS INCLUDING THE (CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT), AS I AM THE DEPOSITOR OF THE CONSIGNMENT.


LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR URGENT RESPONSE.

YOUR SINCERELY,

MR. JAMES NGOLA. 










</p>

</body></html>