<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="business proposal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+86-592 -5081199  Fax:+86-592-5620 971" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="info@crack-ag.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;gb2312&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S color=3D#000000&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-rey" content="&amp;nbsp;Imperial&amp;nbsp;Grey,&amp;nbsp;Huaan&amp;nbsp;Grey.&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_NextPart_000_0006_2C040077.840C0165" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tn" content="&amp;nbsp;CEO/&amp;nbsp;Manager&amp;nbsp;Director&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="business proposal" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-anli.com&amp;nbsp;&amp;lt;http" content="//www.wanli.com&amp;gt;&lt;/U&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;FONT size=3D=" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200407140825.i6E8Owd04813@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_NextPart_001_0007_2C040077.840C0165&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-p;of&amp;nbsp;export&amp;nbsp;in&amp;nbsp;2003" content="&amp;nbsp;US$0.28&amp;nbsp;billion&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/FO=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-idiary&amp;nbsp;company&amp;nbsp;list" content="&amp;nbsp;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;FONT size=3D2 face=3DA=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;info@crack-ag.com&quot; &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt; to both the local and international markets. The Group is very price compe=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="info@crack-ag.com &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-14T23:24:45Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;gb2312&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-14T23:24:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rmjiwnjc@21cn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-ntages&amp;nbsp;in&amp;nbsp;china" content="&amp;nbsp;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;FONT size=3D2 face=3DArial=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 14 04:25:26 2004" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200407140825.i6E8Owd04813@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="to both the local and international markets. The Group is very price compe=" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;info@crack-ag.com&quot; &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt; to both the local and international markets. The Group is very price compe=" />
<meta name="Author" content="info@crack-ag.com &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e" content="&amp;nbsp;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;FONT size=3D2 face=3DArial color=3D#0000ff&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;&lt;U&gt;www.w=" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="info@crack-ag.com &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200407140825.i6E8Owd04813@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_NextPart_001_0007_2C040077.840C0165&quot;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;info@crack-ag.com&quot; &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt; to both the local and international markets. The Group is very price compe=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="info@crack-ag.com &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-p&amp;nbsp;structure" content="&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-14T23:24:45Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S color=3D#000000&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="MboxParser-nbsp;market" content="&amp;nbsp;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;FONT size=3D2 face=3DArial color=3D#0000=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-nbsp;-5081199&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;fax" content="+86-592-5620&amp;nbsp;971&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;info@crack-ag.com&quot; &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-any&amp;nbsp;profile" content="&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;info@crack-ag.com&quot; &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-ssets" content="&amp;nbsp;US$10Million&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;info@crack-ag.com&quot; &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt; to both the local and international markets. The Group is very price compe=" />
<meta name="creator" content="info@crack-ag.com &lt;info@crack-ag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rmjiwnjc@21cn.com&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_NextPart_000_0006_2C040077.840C0165&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 color=3D#000000&gt;Located&amp;nbsp;in&amp;nbsp;SHANXI&amp;nbsp;province&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;FONT size=" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-999" />
<title>business proposal</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p>
Kind Attn: CEO/ Manager Director 





Supply Quality China's EXCLUSIVE dimensions at Unbeatable Price.





Dear Sir, 


We are pleased to inform you as one of China's largest export &amp; import stone company-Wanlistone Group, The Group its subsidiaries specialize in the quarrying, processing and Sales of dimension stone, slab and tiles and dimension stone products for the building materials sector and specialty markets. 





The Group operations are based in Xiamen, South of China, which is the largest export and import business portals in China where Wanlistone owns and operates various natural stone deposits with 6,000 square meters through the country. In addition to the quarries Wanlistone has a fully automated processing plant for the processing of the granite and marble and granite products. 





Wanlistone supplies granite in raw block form, granite and marble tile and strips of varying dimension, memorial materials and specialty products to both the local but more specifically the export markets. 





The Group has a full rang of the China natural stone products including 


Pink color G636, G617, G635, G663, Yellow color, G682,Dark G654, Black G684. 


Light Grey: Imperial Grey, Huaan Grey. 





Wanlistone owns and operates all its own quarries, including North Black, Huana White, Butterfly Blue, and Golden Beige. All block production is sold to both the local and international markets. The Group is very price competitive on all its products due to its low overhead structure. All blocks are ideally produced for gang saw processing and dimension of 240 x 120 are standard. Smaller blocks are also available for selection 


We will feel it an honour if we could serve you and welcome your inquiry in our products.





Looking forward to hearing from you soonest. 





Sincerely yours,


Sales Department 


XIAMEN WANLI STONE GROUP,


8 F Fortune Building , 201 North Hubin Rd, Xiamen 361012, P.R.China. 


Tel:+86-592 -5081199  Fax:+86-592-5620 971


Web site: www.wanli.com &lt;http://www.wanli.com&gt; 


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





Company profile: 


Established in 1985 


Located in Xiamen as No.1 port of stone Exp.&amp; Imp.


Total assets: US$10Million 


Turnover of export in 2003: US$0.28 billion 





Advantages in China: 


The No.1 professional &amp; over-sized stone group at present, its business are associated with import &amp; export t, processing and manufacturing, and quarrying. 


One of the largest exporters of stone products 


One of the leading importers of stone blocks from the world 





Group structure: 


XIAMEN WANISTONE as headquarter of operation and management, total 9 business departments, 1 design department, 1 resource development section of which, 





Subsidiary company list: 


1.XIAMEN ORITENT WANLISTONE COMPANY, a joint venture with MARLING and DORKING in South African, specializes in all types of stone blocks worldwide. And two blocks depots of 6,000 square meter. 


2.AMERICA SINASTONE CO.,LTD, a professional supplier of all kinds of  monuments business in USA market place 


3.SOUTH AFRICA WANLINSTONE CO., LTD, a factory invested with MARLING and DORKING, is to process special monuments, slab and tiles 





Own Factories list 


1.XIAMEN WANLISTONE CO, LTD, with 8 modern high speed granite gang saws, Gaspari Menotti, , 2 sets marble gang saws, 30 sets circular saws, for slab, tile and all profile stone finish 


2.XIAMEN WANLISTONE CRAFT CO, LTD, Monuments is key. 


3.LINGFONG WANLISTONE FACTORY IN QUANZHOU CITY, Monuments is key.


4.TIANJING WANLISTONE FACTORY in north of China, Slab + Monuments produced 


5.HUNAN HUAJIAN FACTORY in Hunan, Granite slab + tile available 





Own quarries list 


1．IMPERIAL GREY，located in HUNAN province 


2．NORTH BLACK，Located in SHANXI province


3．HUNAN WHITE ， located in HUNAN province


4．BUTTERFLY BLUE ，Located in LEMONGGU province 


5．GOLDEN BEIGE ，Located in SHANXI province





Key market: 


Japan   50%


USA    15%


EU     20%


China   15%


Products involve construction materials, monuments and stone finishes. 





World stone connecting 


Very good connecting with the famous stone companies as for growth up together. 











</p>
</div>
</body></html>