<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[64.110.146.251]" />
<meta name="subject" content="confidential." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="stevens.bangura@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-02-06T15:43:34Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="stevens.bangura@caramail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="stevens.bangura@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="stevens.bangura@caramail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="=_NextPart_Caramail_0308521044546214_ID" />
<meta name="MboxParser-requirement" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1044546214030852@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="confidential." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1044546214030852@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-02-06T15:43:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-02-06T15:43:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Caramail - www.caramail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb  6 11:19:36 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt; Good day," />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="stevens bangura" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[64.110.146.251]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Caramail - www.caramail.com" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-101" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="stevens bangura &lt;stevens.bangura@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1044546214030852@caramail.com&gt;" />
<title>confidential.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p> Good day,

It is my humble pleasure to write this letter irrespective
of the fact
that you do not know me. However, I came to know of you in
my private
search for a reliable and trustworthy person that can
handle a
confidential transaction of this nature in respect of this,
I got your
contact through an uprooted search on the internet. Though
I know that
a transaction of this magnitude will make any one
apprehensive and
worried, but I am assuring you that all will be well at the
end of the
day
I am Stevens Bangura, son of late Mr John Bangura of Sierra
Leone who
was killed by the Sierra Leone's rebel forces on the 24th
of
December,1999 in my country Sierra Leone.
When he was still alive, he deposited one trunk box
containing the sum
of USD$30 million dollars in cash (Ten Million dollars).
with a private
security and safe deposit company here in Abidjan Cote
d´Ivoire. This
money was made from the sell of Gold and Diamond by my
mother and she
have already decided to use this money for future
investment of the
family.
Recently, I rushed down to Abidjan after being able to
locate where my
late father kept the depository Agreement made between
himself and the
security company. I have confirmed from the security
company that the
consignment is in their custody, when I demanded for the
release of the
consignment to me in my capacity of being the son of Mr
Bangura,
the depositor of the consignment, I was told that in the
absence of my
father, the only person that can demand for the release of
the
consignment is my late father´s foreign partner on whose
behalf the
consignment was deposited.
Meanwhile, my father have instructed me that in the case of
his death,
that I should look for a trusted foreigner who can assist
me to move
out this money from Côte d´Ivoire immediately for
investment .

Based on this , I solicit for your assistance to transfer
this fund
into your Account, but I will demand for the following
requirement:

(1) Could you provide for me a safe Bank Account where
this fund will be transferred to in your country after
retrieving the
box containing the money from the custody of the security
company.

(2) Could you be able to introduce me to a profitable
business venture
that would not require much technical expertise in your
country where
part of this fund will be invested?

I am a Christian and I will please, want you to handle this
transaction based on the trust I have established on you.
For your assistance in this transaction, I have decided to
compensate
you with 10 percent of the total amount at the end of this
business.
The security of this business is very important to me and
as such, I
would like you to keep this business very confidential.
I shall expect an early response from you.
Thank you and God bless.

Yours sincerely,
Stevens Bangura
_________________________________________________________
Gagne une PS2 ! Envoie un SMS avec le code PS au 61166
(0,35€ Hors coût du SMS)

</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>