<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR. DONALD ATTAH&quot; &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. DONALD ATTAH &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="donaldattah@omaninfo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2001-04-20T19:23:17Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="donald_attah1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="donald_attah1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200302071843.h17Ih1ag020251@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR. DONALD ATTAH&quot; &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. DONALD ATTAH &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR. DONALD ATTAH&quot; &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. DONALD ATTAH &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2001-04-20T19:23:17Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2001-04-20T19:23:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Fri, 7 Feb 2003 13:43:13 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Feb  7 13:43:25 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Fri, 7 Feb 2003 13:43:13 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200302071843.h17Ih1ag020251@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. DONALD ATTAH" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR. DONALD ATTAH&quot; &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. DONALD ATTAH &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-102" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. DONALD ATTAH &lt;donaldattah@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200302071843.h17Ih1ag020251@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear webmaster ,

Union Bank Of Nig. Plc
Union House Marina
Lagos State
Nigeria.

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL

Dear Sir/madam

I sincerely write to seek your co-operation and trust
to enable my colleagues and I carry out an urgent
business opportunity in my department. I work with the
Union Bank of Nigeria PLC; currently I am the senior
manager of bills and exchange at the foreign
remittance department of my bank. I was the account
officer to one Mr. Ali B. Ashraf who died along with
his family on the 8th of November 1996 in an ADC
Boeing 727 plane crash at Egirin River. All 141
passengers on board were feared dead.

He left in his domiciliary account the total sum of
Sixty Five Million United States Dollars [$65million]
Since the management got the information of his
death we have been expecting any of his relation or
his next of kin to come up and claim his money.
Unfortunately from the day of his death till the time
of this letter none of his relation or friends has
come up for the claim. The banking and financial law
of Union bank of Nigeria Plc stipulates that if such
fund remained unclaimed after a period of four years (4) it
will be transferred into the bank treasury as
unclaimed bill. On this discovery sir, I and a colleague of mine
now decided do business with you and
release the money to you as the next of kin to Ali B.
Ashraf for safety and subsequent disbursement. I will
soon proceed for my retirement in the middle of  this year, and I
personally do not want this fund to be transferred
into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill. That is why
I wanted the fund to be move out of the bank before I
proceed on my retirement from the banking services by
june 15th 2003.

The need for a foreigner as next of kin in this
project is occasioned by the fact that the customer
Mr. Ali Ashraf was a foreigner and a Nigerian cannot
stand as his next of kin or heir. We have agreed that
15% of the Fund would be for you as foreign partner;
thereafter my colleague and I will visit your country
for disbursement according to the percentages
indicated. To enable the immediate transfer of the
fund into your nominated account, you will first apply
to the bank as the next of kin of the deceased,
indicating your bank account number and location
wherein the money will be remitted. Upon receipt of
your acknowledgement indicating your interest, I will
send to you the text of the application that you will
send to the Union Bank authority for an approval to
submit your claims.

Send your reply through my direct  private email
address and indicate  your direct
Fax and telephone numbers for effective communication
that this transaction is required. Do not reply through the
union bank email address because it will fall at the receptionist's
desk and is for public use .


Please note that you are not to appear in person, as
every thing regarding this project will be strictly on
documentations and every banking documents needed for
this transaction will be taken care of by my self.

Looking forward to urgently hearing from you.

Yours Faithfully

MR. DONALD  ATTAH



</p>

</body></html>