<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CAN WE DO THIS TOGETHER." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Paul Jacksoncole.&quot; &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Paul Jacksoncole. &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrp_jack@bankersmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-22T09:51:36Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="linguists@UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="linguists@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="linguists@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CAN WE DO THIS TOGETHER." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200407220151.i6M1pels010491@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Paul Jacksoncole.&quot; &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Paul Jacksoncole. &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Paul Jacksoncole.&quot; &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Paul Jacksoncole. &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-22T09:51:36Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-22T09:51:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt;	by bloodwork.mr.itd.UM (mail500) with LDAP id i6M1pkNC009019;	Wed, 21 Jul 2004 21:51:47 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 21 21:56:15 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt; by bloodwork.mr.itd.UM (mail500) with LDAP id i6M1pkNC009019; Wed, 21 Jul 2004 21:51:47 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200407220151.i6M1pels010491@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Paul Jacksoncole." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Paul Jacksoncole.&quot; &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Paul Jacksoncole. &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1016" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Paul Jacksoncole. &lt;mrp_jack@bankersmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200407220151.i6M1pels010491@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>CAN WE DO THIS TOGETHER.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Compliments of the day, 

My name is Paul Jacksoncole, I am a consulting auditor with one of the prime banks here in South Africa. I am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my client bank who perished with his whole families on 25TH JULY,2000 in 
CONCORDE PLANE CRASH [Flight AF4590] with the whole passengers on board. 

During the course of my auditing work with my client bank, I discovered an account opened in the bank in 1998 by this great late INDUSTRIALIST who died without a written or oral 'WILL' attached to the account. Since his death, I 
further investigated with keen interest to see if i can get any relative of the late industrialist but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the CEO of his company. 

The total amount involved is $36,000,000.00 USD.[Thirty Six Million United States Dollar]. We wish to start the first transfer with $10,000,000.00[Ten million] and upon successful transaction without any disappointment from your 
side, we shall re-apply for the transfer of the remaining balance to your account.I have secretly discussed this matter with a close confidant attorney whom I must involve in order to assist us produce legal back-up documents which 
would substantiate your claims and also enable us have a smooth and successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate. 

On this note, I decided to seek for a reliable foreigner who will act as the foreign beneficiary of the fund from the deceased by providing his/her bank account where the fund will be transferred. The banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than six years without claim hence the money will be recalled to the government treasury 
as unclaimed after this long period of dormancy. In view of this I got your contact through my personal search to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a reliable person who will be capable of 
receiving such amount in his or her personal account. At the conclusion of the transfer 65% of the fund will be for me, I will give you 20% of the total transfer sum, 10% for charity both in Africa and in your country while the remaining 5% will 
be set aside to settle expenses both parties might incure during the transfer process. 

Upon the receipt of your reply, I will send to you a detailed information about the transaction. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is 100% risk and trouble free and that you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for fund 
transfer can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days, after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased. When you receive this letter. 

I look forward to your earliest reply through my private email address &lt;mailto:mrp_jack@myway.com or pauljacksoncole@yahoo.com&gt; and telephone number +874 763 593 620. Fax number +874 763 593 621.Just add your international dial out code number and you will get through.You should also include your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe communication. 

Respectfully Yours, 

Mr Paul Jacksoncole.

</p>

</body></html>