<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-wm-posted-at" content="webmail1.ofir.dk; Sat, 24 Jul 04 01:48:36 +0200" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOODDAY TO YOU!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-23T23:48:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="xg2004@ofir.dk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-exp32-serialno" content="00002117" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOODDAY TO YOU!!!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040723234637.9580C1A3374@postfix3.ofir.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-23T23:48:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-23T23:48:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="WebMail (Hydra) SMTP v3.51" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-WM-Posted-At" content="webmail1.ofir.dk; Sat, 24 Jul 04 01:48:36 +0200" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-EXP32-SerialNo" content="00002117" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jul 23 19:48:49 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20040723234637.9580C1A3374@postfix3.ofir.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="xiao gang" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="WebMail (Hydra) SMTP v3.51" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1020" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="xiao gang &lt;xg2004@ofir.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040723234637.9580C1A3374@postfix3.ofir.com&gt;" />
<title>GOODDAY TO YOU!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF:
MR XIAO GANG,
BANK OF OVERSEAS CHINESE
TAIPEI,TAIWAN


Dear Friend,

How are you today and business in your country? I am Mr.Xiao Gang, Bank
Manager,Bank Of Overseas Chinese North Shyn Lin District, Taipei, Taiwan. I
would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail
confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by as a
result of this mail. I contacted you independently of our investigation and no
one is informed of this communication. I would like to intimate you with
certain facts that I believe would be of interest to you. I know you would be
wondering why I am writing you with a request such as this but I only urge you
to read on.

In November 1998, a British Oil consultant/contractor with the Chinese Solid
Minerals Corporation, Mr. Mark Kogan, made a Fixed Deposit  of the sum of
US$10,000,000.00 (Ten Million United States Dollars) which accumulated  to the
sum of US$20,160,176.00 (Twenty Million, One hundred and sixty thousand, One
hundred and seventy six United States Dollars for twelve calendar months in my
branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address
in America and Britain but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and
finally we discovered from his contract employers, the Chinese Solid Minerals
Corporation that Mr.Mark Kogan died alongside his wife, from an airplane
crash. The bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving
next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim his
estate. If you are familiar with private banking affairs, those who patronize
our services usually prefer anonymity, but also some levels of detachment from
conventional processes. In his bio-data form, he listed no next of kin. In the
field of private banking, opening an account with us means no one will know of
its existence, accounts are rarely held under a name; depositors use numbers
and codes to make the accounts anonymous. This bank also gives the choice to
depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself,
ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as I said, rarely do they
nominate next of kin. Private banking clients apart from not nominating next
of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care, in this case; Mr.
Mark Kogan died interstate. In line with our internal processes for account
holders who have passed away, we instituted our own investigations in good
faith to determine who should have right to claim the estate. This
investigation has for the past months been unfruitful. We have scanned every
continent and used our private investigation affiliate companies to get to the
root of the problem. This sum of US$20,160,176.00 has since been sitting in my
Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end
of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it.

According to the Laws of Republic of China, at the expiration of 5 (five)
years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Chinese Government if
nobody applies to claim the funds. What I wish to relate to you will smack of
unethical practice but I want you to understand something. It is only an
outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking
world aberrational. The world of banking especially is fraught with huge
rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios.
You should have begun by now to put together the general direction of what I
propose. There is US$20,160,176.00 deposited in my bank, I alone have the
deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless evidence of
relationship with the deceased, which I shall provide you with, is presented.
I alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as Bank of overseas
chinese is concerned, the bank's management has no single idea of what’s the
history or nature of the deposit. They are simply awaiting instructions to
release the deposit to any party that comes forward. This is the situation.
This bank has spent great amounts of money trying to track this man’s family;
they have investigated for months and have found no family. The investigation
has come to an end. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. mark kogan so that the fruits
of this old man's labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt
government officials. Acting in this capacity really is simple, all you have
to do is provide your full names and address so that an attorney here can
prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as
the next of kin. We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and
notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary authentication, approval
and a letter of probate/administration in your favour for the transfer to be
done. A bank account in any part of the world that you then provide me with
will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next
of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share 90/10.

I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. I ask that if you find no
interest in this project that you should discard this mail. I ask that you do
not be vindictive and destructive. If my offer is of no appeal to you, delete
this message and forget I ever contacted you. Do not destroy my career because
you do not approve of my proposal. You may not know this but people like
myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the whole
private banking sector. I am not a criminal and what I do, I do not find
against good conscience, this may be hard for you to understand, but the
dynamics of my industry dictates that I make this move. Such opportunities
only come ones' way once in a lifetime. I cannot let this chance pass me by,
for once I find myself in total control of my destiny. This is my chance and i
wont let it pass me by. I ask that you do not destroy my chance, if you will
not work with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not
destroy me. I am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide my family
with new opportunities. There is a reward for this project and it is a task
well worth undertaking. I have evaluated the risks and the only risk I have
here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank. There is no
risk whatsoever as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the
attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantee the successful
execution of this transaction. If you are interested in this lucrative role, I
urge you to indicate to that effect. Upon your response, if favourable, I
shall then provide you with more details and relevant information that will
help you get full understanding of the transaction. I will appreciate it if
you send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easier
communication.

If you find yourself able to work with me, contact me through this email
address. If you give me positive signals, I will initiate this process towards
a conclusion. I wish to inform you that should you contact me via official
channels; I will deny knowing you and about this project. I repeat, I do not
want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do I want you
contacting me through my official email account. Contact me only through the
numbers I will provide for you and also through this email address. My
official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to
assess our level of customer care in line with our Total Quality Management
Policy. Please observe this instruction religiously. Please, again, note I am
a family man, I have a wife and children. I send you this mail not without a
measure of fear as to what the consequences may be, but I know within me that
nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy
or on a platter of gold. This is the one truth I have learned from my private
banking clients. Do not betray my confidence. If we can be of one accord, we
should plan a meeting, soon.

In closing, please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that
this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall
require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Upon receiving
your reply, I will then furnish you with a more comprehensive detail of this
transaction and what is required of you.


Please respond to my alternative mail box  xg1002003@yahoo.com.tw


Awaiting your urgent reply.
Yours Sincerely,
Mr. Xiao Gang.

</p>

</body></html>