<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CHARITY SUPPORT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-name" content="BARRISTER.RICHARD GORDON" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="0031630655043" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-26T19:34:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="richardgordon13@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CHARITY SUPPORT" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200407261934.i6QJY6vt006970@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="creator" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-26T19:34:27Z" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-26T19:34:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;harryhakeem1956@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jul 26 15:34:37 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;harryhakeem1956@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200407261934.i6QJY6vt006970@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Author" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1026" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="harryhakeem1956@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200407261934.i6QJY6vt006970@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>CHARITY SUPPORT</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend.

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for
me, because, I believe everyone will die someday.
My name is MR.HARRY HAKEEM, a merchant in Dubai, in the
U.A.E.I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer .
It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have only about a few
months to live, according to medical experts.

I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I
never really cared for anyone(not even myself)but my
business. Though I am very rich, I was never
generous, I was always hostile to people and only
focused on my business as that was the only thing I
cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know
that there is more to life than just wanting to have
or make all the money in the world.

I believe when God gives me a second chance to come
to this world I would live my life a different way
from how I have lived it. Now that God has called
me, I have willed and given most of my property
and assets to my immediate and extended family
members as well as a few close friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul
so, I have decided to give alms to charity
organizations, as I want this to be one of the last
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed
money to some charity organizations in the U.A.E,
Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself
anymore. I once asked members of my family to close one
of my accounts and distribute the money which I have
there to charity organization in Bulgaria and
Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to
themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as
they seem not to be contended with what I have left
for them.

The last of my money which no one knows of is the
huge cash deposit of TWELVE MILLION DOLLARS
$12,000,000,that I have with a finance/Security Company
abroad. I will want you to help me collect this deposit
and dispatched it to charity organizations.

I have set aside 25% for you and for your time if you want to help me to collect this Funds and also invest this money.

N.B-PLEASE I WILL ADVICE YOU TO GIVE THE
LAWYER IN CHARGE A CALL IN HOLLAND IMMEDIATELY, HE
DOES EVERYTHING ON MY BEHALF AND HE'S VERY
UNDERSTANDING AND I BELIEVE HE WILL LEAD YOU TO YOUR
SUCCESS IN JESUS NAME.

NAME:      BARRISTER.RICHARD GORDON
Tel:       0031630655043
Email:     richardgordon13@netscape.net

Remain blessed in the name of the Lord.

Yours in Christ,

Mr.Harry Hakeem.  
 



</p>

</body></html>