<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MOHAMED  ZUBA&quot; &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MOHAMED  ZUBA &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="muhab_zuba@ourwest.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-02T11:31:14Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mohamedzuba1000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mohamedzuba1000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200408021133.i72BX3Hb007707@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MOHAMED  ZUBA&quot; &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MOHAMED  ZUBA &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MOHAMED  ZUBA&quot; &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MOHAMED  ZUBA &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-02T11:31:14Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-02T11:31:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug  2 07:33:34 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200408021133.i72BX3Hb007707@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MOHAMED  ZUBA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MOHAMED  ZUBA&quot; &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MOHAMED  ZUBA &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1036" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MOHAMED  ZUBA &lt;muhab_zuba@ourwest.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200408021133.i72BX3Hb007707@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Compliments of the seasons
Dearest One,
Hello.
My name is Mohamed Zuba,the eldest son of late chief Dandy Zuba
of Zimbabwe. This might be a surprise to you about where I got your contact
address. I got your(CONTACT FROM THE SOUTH AFRICAN BUSINESS NETWORK
ONLINE).During
the current war against the farmers in Zimbabwe from the supporters of our
President Robert Mugabe to claim all the white-owned farms to his party
members and his followers, he ordered all farmers to surrender all farms
to his party members and his followers.

My father was Rated as One of the best farmers in our country 2003 before
his untimely Death and because he did not support Mugabe's idea,Mugabe's
supporters invaded my father's farm and burnt everything in the farm,killing
my father and few workers and made away with a lot of items in my father's
farm.But before his Death, he had deposited with a Security Company in SOUTH AFRICA
the sum of US$24.600 MILLION (TWENTY FOUR MILLION SIXHUNDERD THOUSAND UNITED
STATES DOLLARS).After the death of my father, I decided to move to the Republic
of SOUTH AFRICA FOR SAFETY to leave for the main time and still continue my Quest
of claiming this Consignment as my country is no longer SAFE for me.

To this end,I decided to contact overseas firm and companies that will assist
me to move this money out of SOUTH AFRICA because as Asylum Seekers we are not
allowed to operate any Bank Account with in SOUTH AFRICA.

I have secured the legal help of an Attorney here in DUBAI who
will be working with you to lay claim to this Consignment and his contacts
are: NAME: BARRISTERPAUL OKORO, EMAIL: brr_paulokoro@hotmail.comYou can
contact him to get more details to proceed further to success.

I have agreed to offer you 25% of the total sum for your assistance,while
75% will be for ME to invest in your country but I will like to invest in
any INDUSTRY.All I want you to do is to furnish me with your personal phone
and fax numbers for easy communication and follow up with my Attorney to
achieve the needed result.

I am taking you as my Parent because I lost all my siblings and family in
the CRISIS.

Note that this transaction is 100% Risk free,legal,and
absolutely confidential. Thanks and God Bless.

Truly Yours Son,
&gt;From Mohamed Zuba.
SOUTH AFRICA,
JOHANNESBURG.
Alternative E-mail:mohamedzuba1000@hotmail.com


</p>

</body></html>