<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;chris&quot; &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="chris &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-02T15:23:23Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="barristernwoke2004@pnetmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-3001553@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-3001553@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;chris&quot; &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="chris &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;chris&quot; &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="chris &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-02T15:23:23Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-02T15:23:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug  2 11:25:58 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="chris" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;chris&quot; &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="chris &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1037" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="chris &lt;chris_nwoke100@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-3001553@amnetsal.com&gt;" />
<title>PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>NJAMBA CHAMBERS &amp; PARTNERS
FROM THE DESK OF
BARRISTER CHRIS NWOKE
EMAIL: barristernwoke2004@pnetmail.co.za

Dear Sir,

I am Barrister Chris Nwoke, a solicitor at law. I am the personal 
attorney to Mr. Pitt Kay, a national of your country, who used to work with 
SILVIC OIL REFINERIES in Nigeria. Here in after shall be referred to as 
my client.On the 21st of April 2001, my client, his wife and their only 
daughter were involved in a car accident along Lagos - Ogun express 
road.All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost there lives.

Since then I have made several enquiries to your embassy here to locate 
any of my clients extended relatives, this has also proved 
unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to track 
his 
last name over the Internet, to locate any member of his family hence I 
contacted you.I have contacted you to assist in repartrating the fund 
valued at US$13 million Left behind by my client before it gets 
Confisicated or declared unserviceable by the Security Finance Firm where this 
huge amount were deposited.


The said Security Finance company has issued me a notice to provide the 
next of kin or have the account confisicated within the next fourteen 
official working days. For the fact that I have been unsuccesfull in 
locating the relatives for over 3 years now, I seek the consent to present 
you as the next of kin to the deceased,since you have the same last 
name with my client,so that the proceeds of this account can be paid to 
you.

Therefore, on receipt of your positive response, we shall then discuss 
the sharing ratio and modalities for transfer.I have all necessary 
information and legal documents needed to back you up for claim. All I 
require from you is your honest cooperation to enable us see this 
transaction through.

I guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangement 
that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with 
me through my private email for more details.

Best regards,

BARRISTER CHRIS NWOKE 
  



!Navega con el Internet Gratis de Amnet!
Descarga el Programa de Instalación. 
Para cualquier consulta llamar al 247-8000

</p>

</body></html>