<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Attention Please." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="00229 28 30 63" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-02T22:13:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;40BFCED0000746B5@ims1c.cp.tin.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Attention Please." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;40BFCED0000746B5@ims1c.cp.tin.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="creator" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-02T22:13:31Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-02T22:13:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug  2 18:20:15 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="Author" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1038" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="alfreddouglas2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;40BFCED0000746B5@ims1c.cp.tin.it&gt;" />
<title>Attention Please.</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mr. Alfred Douglas,
Head Audit Department,
Continental Bank,
Cotounu, Benin Republic.
TEL: 00229 28 30 63
Please reply to;  alfred_douglas1@yahoo.fr

My dear,

Good day and God bless you. It is with deep sence of commitment, faith and
trust that I make this confidential risk free business proposal to you for
your assistance/partnership. I am deeply sorry if I have in any manner disturbe
your privacy.

I am Mr. Alfred Douglas the head of the Audit Department of Continental
Bank in Cotounu Benin Republic. Recently, I discovered a domant account
with a huge amount of money valued at USD15.500,000.00 (fifteen million
,five hundred thousand US dollars) that belongs to one of our numerouse
customers MR.PIERE JOHNSON from Germany who died in a ghastly motor accident
in Cotounu on 5th OF May 2000. During the period of my investigation I discovered
that the deceased left no will and nobody behind to come for the claim as
his beneficiary. Since then several inquiries to locate any of MR. PIERE
JOHNSON extended relatives have proved unsuccessful, hence I decided to
contact you since the banking law here stipulates that if such money remain
unclaimed for a period of time, it will be forfieted to the gorvernment
treasury as an unclaimed fund which will be expended on acquiring dangeriouse
weaponse for the support of their selfish political interest and promoting
wars and ethnic crises in Africa. I  have decided to contact you to assist
me to pull out this fund from this bank as the business partner of MR. PIERE
JOHNSON for the claim of the fund. I want to also bring to your notice that
as the Head of the Audit department of this bank if this fund is not pulled
out before our auditing the fund fund will be discovered by my colleagues
and that will definately lead to the government confiscating the money into
the federation account.

You might ask what will be the proceedure to achieve this. As soon as I
get your positive response to assist me, I will then send to you the proceedure
and the next step to follow. So if this meets your interest then get back
to me to enable me send to you the procedure of claiming this fund. I have
in my possetion all the necessary information of the deceased (MR. PIERE
JOHNSON) that will help us successfully accomplish this transaction. You
shall be offered 30% for your assistance, while 5% shall be set aside for
any expences that we might incure during the transaction.

Futher response shall be giving to you as soon as I recieve your positive
response. Fell free to call me on my private number (229) 28 30 63 for any
question you may wish to ask me.

Anticipating your urgent reply.

Regards,
Mr. Alfred Douglas
Alternative email; alfred_douglas1@yahoo.fr

</p>

</body></html>