<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Lt. Col. Richard Egwu&quot; &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Lt. Col. Richard Egwu &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-03T20:41:04Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-att" content="MANAGING DIRECTOR|C.E.O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="egwu18@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tell" content="+27-83-535 5883" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200408032040.i73KeAe3016534@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Lt. Col. Richard Egwu&quot; &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Lt. Col. Richard Egwu &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Lt. Col. Richard Egwu&quot; &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Lt. Col. Richard Egwu &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-03T20:41:04Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-03T20:41:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug  3 16:40:24 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200408032040.i73KeAe3016534@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Lt. Col. Richard Egwu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Lt. Col. Richard Egwu&quot; &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Lt. Col. Richard Egwu &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1039" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Lt. Col. Richard Egwu &lt;egwu_17@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200408032040.i73KeAe3016534@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>LT.COL Richard Egwu

JOHANNESBURG, R.S.A.
TELL: +27-83-535 5883
Email: egwu18@hotmail.com

ATT: MANAGING DIRECTOR|C.E.O

Sir|madam
I know you will be surprise to read from me, more so when
it came from a stranger. But please consider this letter as
a request from somebody in dare of assistance.
Firstly, I must introduce myself, I am lt. Col. Richard Egwu the
former personal security to the late president
Laurent Kabila of the democratic republic of Congo (DRC)
formerly Zaire. I am presently in the republic of South
Africa as an asylum seeker.
I got your contact address from a business directory in
Johannesburg chamber of commerce and industry and after
going through your profile,I decided to solicit for your
assistance to transfer the sum of US$ 25million (Twenty-five
Million United States Dollars) into your company or
personal account for investment purposes outside Africa.
Before his death, late president kabila was aware that
rebels will not leave any stone unturned in their attempt
to remove him from government hence he started looting the
countrys treasure.
In May 2000, he directed me to oversee the movement of a
certain box marked diplomatic documents into Zimbabwe but
I decided to divert the box into the republic of South
Africa where I found out that the box was actually
containing the sum of US$ 25 million (Twenty-five million
united states dollars). I therefore deposited the box
containing the fund into a security and finance company here in
Johannesburg. I have been in hiding since then but with the
recent death of president Kabila I therefore decided to
transfer this money out of Africa for investment.
&gt;From the above, you will understand that my life and that
of my children depends on the fund as such, I will be
grateful if you can assist me. I am now living in the
republic of South Africa, as a political asylum seeker with
my family and the financial rules and regulations of South
Africa do not permit me financial right to such huge amount
of money.
In view of this, I cannot invest this fund in South Africa,
hence I am prepared to offer you 20% of the total sum for
your assistance, while 10% will be set aside for unforeseen
expenses and 70% will be for me and my family's investment
in your country with your assistance.
Please call me on the above telephone or email
me to signify your interest in this transaction.

Thanks and God bless you for your anticipated co-operation.

Lt.Col . Richard Egwu

Engr. Richard Egwu

</p>

</body></html>