<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[216.147.153.50] TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jeffery Hill." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jeffery hill &lt;jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-02-09T20:28:57Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;F78F4ia5wAz8AWiZAtG00002a51@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="09 Feb 2003 20:28:57.0328 (UTC) FILETIME=[DF26D700:01C2D079]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="TRANSFER OF ($26,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;F78F4ia5wAz8AWiZAtG00002a51@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Jeffery Hill." />
<meta name="creator" content="jeffery hill &lt;jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jeffery Hill." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jeffery hill &lt;jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-02-09T20:28:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-02-09T20:28:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com&gt;	Sun, 09 Feb 2003 20:28:57 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-phone" content="(874)-762864167," />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="09 Feb 2003 20:28:57.0328 (UTC) FILETIME=[DF26D700:01C2D079]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Feb  9 15:29:08 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com&gt; Sun, 09 Feb 2003 20:28:57 GMT (URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jeffery hill" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Jeffery Hill." />
<meta name="Author" content="jeffery hill &lt;jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[216.147.153.50]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-105" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jeffery hill &lt;jeffery_hill10007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;F78F4ia5wAz8AWiZAtG00002a51@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:Jeffery Hill.
PHONE:(874)-762864167,
FAX  :(874)-762864168


         (URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)

RE:  TRANSFER OF ($26,000.000.00 USD}
        TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS

Dear Sir,

We want to transfer to overseas account
($26,000.000.00 USD) Twenty six million United States Dollars) from a Prime 
Bank here in South Africa, I want to ask you, If you are not capable to 
quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will be
capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a 
new Bank a/c immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve 
to receive this money, as long as you will remain honest
to me till the end for this important business trusting in you and believing 
in God that you will never let me down either now or in future.

I am Jeffery Hill the Auditor General of one of the prime banks here in 
South Africa, during the course of our auditing,I discovered a floating fund 
in an account opened in the bank in 1996 and since 1998 nobody has operated 
on this account again,after going through some old files in the records I 
discovered that the owner of the account died without a
[Heir/WILL] hence the money is floating and if I do not remit this money out 
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this account is 
PEDRO F. HASLER a foreigner,a great industrialist and he died
since 1998.No other person knows about this account or any thing
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation 
proved to me as well that until his death he was the manager GOLD ARK [pty]. 
SA.

We will start the first transfer with Six million [$6,000.000] upon 
successful transaction without any disappoint from your side, we shall 
re-apply for the payment of the remaining rest amount to your account.

The total amount involve is Twenty six million United States Dollars only 
[$26,000.000.00]. I want to first transfer $6,000.000.00 [Six million United 
States Dollar] from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad before 
the rest. But I don't know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as a 
foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local person here, 
without valid international foreign
passport, but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international 
passport or drivers license and foreign a/c  because the money is in US 
dollars and the former owner of the a/c is a foreigner too,and the money can 
only be approved into a foreign a/c.

However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind us together when we meet 
face to face after the first transfer of $6 Million before transferring the 
second part of $20 Million. I am revealing this to you with believe in God 
that you will never let me down in this business, you are the first and the 
only person that I am contacting for this business, so please reply urgently 
so that I will inform you the next step to take urgently. Send also your 
private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account 
to be used for the deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding 
agreement that will bind us together immediately after the first transfer 
before we fly to your country for withdrawal, sharing and investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine because the management 
is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct 
information of this account, which I will give to you upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you are capable and will meet 
up with instruction of  a key bank official who is deeply involved with me 
in this business. I need your strong assurance that you will
never, never let me down.

With my influence and my position in the bank the bank official can transfer 
this money to any foreigner's reliable account that you can provide with 
assurance that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in 
your country for sharing. The bank official
Will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money 
leaving no trace to any place and to build confidence you can call me for 
heart to heart discussion through my private satellite phone
which I secured for the security and safety of this business as you know 
that this business is confidential.I will use my position and influence to 
obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this
money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant 
ministries and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the total 
amount, 60% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might 
have incurred during the process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest reply through my email
address.

Yours truly,
Jeffery Hill.

_________________________________________________________________



</p>

</body></html>