<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REPPLY NEENDED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI&quot; &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-05T15:40:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dr_williams@atlas.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="williams_koffi@uymail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="williams_koffi@uymail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPPLY NEENDED" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI&quot; &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI&quot; &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-05T15:40:54Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-05T15:40:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Aug  5 06:41:32 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI&quot; &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1043" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR.WILLIAMS KOFFI &lt;dr_williams@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<title>REPPLY NEENDED</title>
</head>
<body><p>


FROM THE DESK OF DR .WILLIAMS KOFFI
CONFIDENCIAL!
DEAR FRIEND,
MY NAME IS DR WILLIAMS KOFFI I HAIL FROM THE FEDERAL
REPUBLIC OF GHANA,41 YEARS YOUNG MARRIED, WITH THREE CHILDREN.
I AM THE DIRECTOR OF STANDARD SECURITY AND FINANCE SERVICES
LIMITED GHANA.I GOT THE INFORMATION CONCERNING YOU FROM THE INTERNET
AND
AFTER DUE CONSIDERATION,I DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU BELIEVING THAT BY THE
GRACE
OF GOD,
THAT YOU WILL NOT DISAPPOINT ME OVER THIS DEAL.
I HAVE BEEN WORKING WITH THIS COMPANY FOR OVER TEN YEARS.
WITHIN THIS PERIOD, I HAVE WATCHED WITH METICULOUS PRECISION HOW
AFRICAN
HEADS OF STATE AND GOVERNMENT FUNCTIONARIES HAVE BEEN USING GLOBAL
SECURITY
AND FINANCE
LIMITED TO MOVE SUMS OF MONEY USD, POUNDS STERLING, FRENCH FRANCS
(CASH)TO
THEIR FOREIGN PARTNERS. THEY BRING IN THESE CONSIGNMENTS OF CASH AND
SECRETLY
DECLARE THE CONTENTS AS JEWELRIES, GOLD, DIAMONDS, PRECIOUS STONES,
FAMILY
TRE ASURES AND DOCUMENTS ETC.
GEN. SANI ABACHA OF NIGERIA, (DEAD), MOBUTU SESE SECO OF
ZIARE (DEAD),FODE SANKOY OF SIERRA LEONE, BABANGIDA OF NIGERIA, FELIX
HOUPHET
BOIGNY OF COTE D'IVORE (DEAD), KANAN BEDIE OF COTE D' IVORE (ABIDJAN)
ETC.
ALL THESE PEOPLE HAVE HUNDREDS OF CONSIGNMENTS DEPOSITED
WITH MY OFFICE.THEIR FOREIGN PARTNERS, FRIENDS AND RELATIVES ARE
CLAIMING
MOST OF THESE CONSIGNMENTS.
ALOT OF THEM ARE LYING HERE UNCLAIMED FOR AS MUCH AS EIGHT YEARS.
NOBODY
WILL EVER COME FOR THEM BECAUSE IN MOST CASES, THE CERTIFICATE OF
DEPOSIT
ARE NEVER AVAILABLE TO ANY BODY EXCEPT THE DEPOSITORS HENCE MOST OF
THEM
ARE DEAD. I HAVE MOVED SOME TO OUR OFFICE IN HOLLAND AND LONDON (READY
FOR
COLLECTION). I AM WAITING TO HEAR FROM YOU. SINCE THE INCEPTION OF THE
YEAR
2000, OUR COMPANY'S MANAGEMENT HAS CHANGED THE PROCEDURE OF CLAIMS OF
CONSIGNMENT,
AS SOON AS YOU ARE ABLE TO PRODUCE THE SECRET INFORMATION AS CONTAINED
IN
THE SECRET FILE OF ANY CONSIGNMENT, IT WILL BE RELEASED TO YOU UPON
DEMAND
FROM OUR RECORD, MORE THAN 160 CONSIGNMENTS BELONGING TO GEN.ABACHA,
MOBUTU
SESE SECO HAS BEEN CLAIMED IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS AND THIS IS WHY AM
SOLICITING
FOR YOUR MAXIMUM
CO-OPERATION AND ASSISTANCE.
GEN. ABACHA HAS 160 CONSIGNMENTS DEPOSITED WITH SEVERAL
NAMES AND CODES.64 HAVE BEEN CLAIMED IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS. THE FIRST
SON
OF GEN. ABACHA DIED IN A PLANE CRASH AND THE SECOND SON (MOHAMMED) IS
FACING
A MURDER CHARGE AND EMBEZZLEMENT, THE FAMILY MEMBERS ARE UNDER HOUS
ARREST
WITHOUT COMMUNICATION WITH THE OUTSIDE WORLD. I HAVE FINALIZED EVERY
ARRANGEMENT
FOR YOU TO COME
AND CLAIM CONSIGNMENT NO;1402,1401 CONTAINING $46 MILLION. I WILL
SUPPLY
YOU WITH ALL THE INFORMATION AND DOCUMENTS AND YOU WILL SEND IT BY
ATTACHMENT
TO THE MANAGEMENT OF OUR COMPANY. THE PROCEDURE IS SIMPLE;
APPLY OFFICIALLY TO THE DIRECTOR OF FOREIGN OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY,
REQUESTING
FOR THE RELEASE OF CONSIGNMENT NO; 1402, 1401. THEY WILL DEMAND FOR

THE
CERTIFICATE
OF DEPOSITE AND THE SECRET CODE AND REFERENCE CODE OF THE
CONSIGNMENTS. I WILL SUPPLY THEM TO YOU AND THEY WILL INVITE YOU TO
COME
AND RECEIVE YOUR CONSIGNMENTS.  I WILL USE YOUR NAME, ADDRESS,

PASSPORT
NUMBER TO CHANGE THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT IN THE FILE AND EVERY THING

WILL
BE OK HENCE I AM IN CHARGE.
IN CONCLUSION, I ASSURE YOU THAT THIS BUSINESS IS RISK
FREE. (OUR MODE OF SHARING IS 50-50), YOU CAN REACH ME BY EMAIL AND I
WILL
DIRECT YOU ON WHAT TO DO.
YOUR'S SINCERELY,
DR WILLIAMS koffi.


REPLY NEEDED.



</p>

</body></html>