<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" please urgent " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Momoni  Adoh&quot; &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Momoni  Adoh &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="monughabomonu@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-11T01:31:15Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="monughabomonu@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="monughabomonu@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" please urgent " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200408110131.i7B1V8LP000805@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Momoni  Adoh&quot; &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Momoni  Adoh &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Momoni  Adoh&quot; &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Momoni  Adoh &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-11T01:31:15Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-11T01:31:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000 Mr=2E Momoni Adoh" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug 10 21:31:21 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt; Dear Sir=2C" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200408110131.i7B1V8LP000805@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Momoni  Adoh" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Momoni  Adoh&quot; &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Momoni  Adoh &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1056" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Momoni  Adoh &lt;monughabomonu@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200408110131.i7B1V8LP000805@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title> please urgent </title>
</head>
<body><p> Dear Sir,

Good day. My name is Momoni Adoh . I am the regional manager of International Commercial Bank Takoradi branch eastern region of the Republic of Ghana (West Africa). I write you this letter in good faith. I got your contact address from a recent banking forum held in Lome the capital city of Togo our next door neighbor, hence I write you to ask for your assistance in a business venture that will benefit you and I.

On January of 2000, one Mr. Dennis Burles who has been living and working in a gold company called Obuasi Goldfields died in the Kenya airways fatal air crash on the coast of Cote D Ivorie on its way to Accra  the capital city of Ghana.

I was the personal banker to the late Mr. Burles, before his untimely death. You see my friend, the late Mr. Burles had $3M USD deposited in a fixed deposit account in my branch, without any next of kin to inherit the sum, that is the reason I write you this letter. I need you to stand claim as the next of kin so that my bank will not declare this funds a deceased account non-grata, meaning that the bank has full and legal right to claim the funds, since the policy of the bank on deceased customer account is that after 5 years if there is no claim, the funds will be immediately taken by the bank.

Frankly speaking I have been working in this bank for close to 10 years and I have nothing to show for it, my yearly income is barely about $2,500 USD after tax and the major reason I packaged this transaction is that I have a 9 year old daughter with leukemia and needs a bone marrow transplant or she will die. I have already made arrangement for this surgery in the UK but I could not afford it, so I really need your help to do this deal or my daughter will die. I am offering you 25% of the total sum after this money is wired to your account, because it is a simple bank-to-bank inheritance claim payment transfer. I will also like you to get me rest assured that you will not abandon me when the money gets to your account. You can reach me on tell: +233 244231712, I have all the payment claim information worked out. Bye for now and thanks for your understanding.

 Best regards,
 Mr. Momoni Adoh



</p>

</body></html>