<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR.PAUL MPOYO&quot; &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.PAUL MPOYO &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="npoyo_npoyo@z6.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-11T19:55:01Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mpoyo_mpoyo2002@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mpoyo_mpoyo2002@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200408111954.i7BJsb7k002091@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR.PAUL MPOYO&quot; &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.PAUL MPOYO &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR.PAUL MPOYO&quot; &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.PAUL MPOYO &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-11T19:55:01Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-11T19:55:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 11 15:54:53 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200408111954.i7BJsb7k002091@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR.PAUL MPOYO" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR.PAUL MPOYO&quot; &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.PAUL MPOYO &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1057" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR.PAUL MPOYO &lt;npoyo_npoyo@z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200408111954.i7BJsb7k002091@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title> </title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN: DIRECTOR/C.E.O
My name is MR.PAUL
MPOYO, elder son of MR. DANIEL MPOYO of Zimbabwe. This might be a surprise to you where I got your contact address.
I got your address from South African Information Exchange in Johannesburg.
During the current war against the farmers in Zimbabwe from the supports of our President Robert Mugabe to claim all the white-owned farms to his party members and his followers, he ordered all the
white-owned farmers to surrender all their farms to his party members and his followers.
My father was one of the best farmers in our country and because he
did not support his idea,supporters invaded my father's farm and burnt
everything in the farm, killing my father and mad away with a lot of items in my father's farm.
After the death of my father, me and my mother and my younger sister decided to move out from Zimbabwe because our lives are still in danger
with the money my father kept in his hidden safe in my mother's house. The amount contained in the safe is US$12.8m (Twelve million, eight hundred thousand US dollars)and we decided to move to the United Arab Emirate(U.A.E) where we deposited the money in a Security Company as valuables.So, I decided to contact overseas Firm that will assist me to move this money out of United Arab Emirate.
We have agreed to give you from the total sum 20% for helping us to move this money to your country and 5%:will be mapped out for expenses both of us might incured during this transaction and 75% will be for me and my family to invest in your country.
All I want is for you to furnish me with all your personal phone and fax numbers for easy communication.
Note that this transaction is 100% risk-free and it requires mutual trust and absolute confidentiality and I have taken care of all formalities regarding it.
Your urgent response will be highly appreciated in this regard.
Thanks and God bless.
Best regards,
PLEASE REPLY (mpoyo_mpoyo2002@yahoo.co.uk )

MR.PAUL MPOYO.(For the family)






</p>

</body></html>