<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;BADMUS IGWE&quot; &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="BADMUS IGWE &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="badmusig@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-13T02:46:13Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="adexmol@fastermail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="adexmol@fastermail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200408130249.i7D2nI7k003612@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;BADMUS IGWE&quot; &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="BADMUS IGWE &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;BADMUS IGWE&quot; &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="BADMUS IGWE &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-13T02:46:13Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-13T02:46:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Aug 12 22:49:36 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200408130249.i7D2nI7k003612@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="BADMUS IGWE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;BADMUS IGWE&quot; &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="BADMUS IGWE &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1060" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="BADMUS IGWE &lt;badmusig@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200408130249.i7D2nI7k003612@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR HELP</title>
</head>
<body><p>

MR BADMUS IGWE
BRANCH MANAGER
GULF BANK PLC
ILUPEJU BRANCH LAGOS
NIGERIA.

ATTN: PRESIDENT/C.E.O

I am pleased to get across to you for a very urgent and profitable business proposal, though
I don't know you neither have I seen you before but my confidence was reposed on you when
the Chief Executive of Lagos State chamber of Commerce and Industry handed me
yourcontact for a confidential business. I am the manager of gulf bank Plc
(UBA),Ilupeju branch, Lagos Nigeria.The intended business is thus; We had a customer, a
Foreign resident in Nigeria, he was a Contractor with one of the Government Parastatals.He
has in his Account in my branch the sum of US 15.5 Million (Fifteen Million, Five
Hundred Thousand U.SDollars).Unfortunately, the man died three years ago until today
non-of his next of kin has come forward to claim the money. Having noticed this,

I in collaboration with two other top Officials of the bank have covered up the
account all this while. Now we want you (being a foreigner) to be fronted as one of his next
of kin and forward your account and other relevant documents to be advised to you by us to
attest to the Claim. We will use our positions to get all internal documentations to back up
the claims . The whole procedures will last only five working days to get the fund retrieved
successfully without trace even now or in future.Your response is only what we are waiting
for as we have arranged all necessary things.

As soon as this message comes to you kindly get back to me through my
personal email address(adexmol@fastermail.com) indicating your interest, then I will furnish
you with the whole procedures to ensure that the deal is successfully concluded. For your
assistance we have agreed to give you twenty five percent (25%) of the Total sum at the end
of the transaction while 65% would be for my colleagues and I and the remaining 10% would
be for any form ofexpenses that may be incurred during the course of the transaction which
would be given to us when the money is transferred into your account before splitting the
balance on the agreed percentage of 65% to 25%. In order to get all the legal documents
from the court, kindly send the following information to us immediately. Your full
name,telephone,mobile and fax numbers as well as your resident or company address, Bank Name, Bank Address. I
await your earliest response.

Thanks,

Yours Sincerely,
MR BADMUS IGWE



</p>

</body></html>