<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Response." />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//mail.yahoo.com " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-globalphone:874:763" content="427980" />
<meta name="MboxParser-globalphone:874:763" content="427980" />
<meta name="MboxParser-globalfax:874:762" content="427981" />
<meta name="MboxParser-globalfax:874:762" content="427981." />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="td321td@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040815191932.60136.qmail@web51906.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="td321td@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Response." />
<meta name="MboxParser-credentials" content="passport or drivers license and foreign" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040815191932.60136.qmail@web51906.mail.yahoo.com&gt; (URGENT AND CONFIDENTAIL BUSINESS)" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;td28td@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Aug 15 15:19:47 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;td28td@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1065" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040815191932.60136.qmail@web51906.mail.yahoo.com&gt; (URGENT AND CONFIDENTAIL BUSINESS)" />
<title>Urgent Response.</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Dr. Tony Devon,

Road 6 No 74 Isieke Close,
Sungu Johannesburg,
South Africa. 
GLOBALPHONE:874:763:427980
GLOBALFAX:874:762:427981
            
           (URGENT AND CONFIDENTAIL BUSINESS)

Dear sir, 

We want to transfer to overseas the sum of One hundred
and Forty Two Million United States Dollars (U.S.$
142,000,000.00) from South Africa. 

I want to ask you to kindly look for a reliable and
honest person who will be capable and fit to provide
either an existing bank account or to set up a new
bank account immediately to receive this money,though
an empty bank account could serve this purpose as long
as you will remain honest to me till the end of this
important business trusting in you and believing in
God that you will never let me down either now or in
time to come. 

I am Dr. Tony Devon the external auditor of a
Bank.During the course of our auditing,I discovered a
floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1995
and since 2000 nobody has operated on this account
again.After going through some old files in the
records, I discovered that the owner of the account
died without a "Heir apparent to the throne" hence the
money is floating and if I do not remit this money out
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. 

The owner of this account is  a foreigner and an
industrialist died, since 1995,until now no other
person(s) knows about this account or could give any
documentary evidence concerning this account. As such
this account has no other beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me as well that until his
death was the manager Oriental Diamond Company,in
South Africa. 

However, if you are interested in this business we
will start the first money transfer with Forty Two
Million U.S.Dollars(U.S.$42,000,000.00) upon
successful transaction without any disappointment from
you. We shall also re-apply for the payment of the
remaining amount to your account. 

While the total amount involved is One hundred and
Forty Two Million United States Dollars
(U.S.$142,000,000.00)only. I would want us to make a
first transfer of [Forty Two Million United States
Dollar.(U.S.$42,000,000.00)from this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad before the rest. I am only
contacting you as a foreigner because this money can
not be approved to a local account, without valid
international foreign "Agreement", but could only be
approved to any foreigner with valid international
credentials: passport or drivers license and foreign
account because this sum is in U.S. dollars and the
former owner of the account is a foreigner too, thus
the money
could only be approved into a foreign account. 

However, knowing all this, we will reach a binding
agreement in this regards.As a matter of urgency, 
I will inform you the next step to take, while you
Send your private telephoneand fax number including
the full details of the account to be used for the
deposit. 

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and
to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together
before transferring the money to any account of your
choice where the fund will be safe. Before we fly to
your country for withdrawal, sharing and investments,I
need your full co-operation to make this business a
success, because the management is ready to approve
this payment to any foreigner who has correct
information of this account, which I will give to
you,upon your positive response and once I am
convinced that you are capable and will meet up with
the instructions of a key bank official who is deeply
involved with me in this business. I need your strong
assurance that you will never let me down. 

With my influence and the position in the bank we can
transfer this money to any foreigner's reliable
account which you can provide with assurance that this
money will be intact pending our physical arrival in
your country for sharing.

And to build confidence that you can come immediately
to discuss with me face to face after which I will
make this remittance in your presence and three of us
will fly to your country at least two days ahead of
the money going into the account. 

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately
I hear from you that you are ready to act as directed.


To prove the authenticity of the business I will use
my position and influence to obtain all legal
approvals for onward transfer of this money to your
account with appropriate clearance from the relevant
ministries, foreign exchange departments, embassy and
Board of Internal Revenue Services. 

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
35% of the total amount, 60% will be for me, while 5%
will be for expenses both parties might have incurred
during this process. 

I look forward to your earliest reply
@{td321td@hotmail.com} call me at this number 874 763
427980  just call as you see the number do not put
South Africa code ok becouse it is a satallite number.

CALL ME NOW FOR HEART TO HEART DISCUSSION.

Yours truly, 

Dr. Tony Devon,
GLOBALPHONE:874:763:427980
GLOBALFAX:874:762:427981.




__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 

</p>

</body></html>