<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Disposition-Notification-To" content="&lt;dasuki3@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="subject" content="Charity Assitant" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-16T01:45:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Charity Assitant" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200408160145.i7G1jbn05566@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="creator" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-16T01:45:38Z" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-16T01:45:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dasuki3@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-disposition-notification-to" content="&lt;dasuki3@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Aug 15 21:45:42 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dasuki3@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200408160145.i7G1jbn05566@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Author" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1067" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="dasuki3@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200408160145.i7G1jbn05566@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Charity Assitant</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello Friend.

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me because I believe everyone will die someday. My name is Dasuki Al-Mehmood, a merchant in Dubai U.A.E.

I have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer. It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have only about a few months to live, according to medical experts. I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone (not even myself) but my business.

Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world.

I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has called me, I have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided to give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth.

Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore. I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan; they refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them.

The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of $6M. (Six Million United States Dollars) that I have with a finance/Security Company abroad. I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations. I have set aside 10 % for you and God be with you. Please All correspondence should be directed to Dasuk-al-mehmo@excite.com

Regards,

Dasuki Al-mehmood
Dasuk-al-mehmo@excite.com


</p>

</body></html>