<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="WE  NEED YOUR  URGENT  ASSISTANCE  SIR," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU.&quot; &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU. &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-08-25T16:37:45Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="madam_maureen_wusu@codehot.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="madam_maureen_wusu@codehot.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="WE  NEED YOUR  URGENT  ASSISTANCE  SIR," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200408251637.i7PGbFvs002247@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU.&quot; &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU. &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU.&quot; &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU. &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-08-25T16:37:45Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-08-25T16:37:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 25 12:37:33 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200408251637.i7PGbFvs002247@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU.&quot; &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU. &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1095" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MADAM  MAUREEN  WUSU. &lt;maureen_waus@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200408251637.i7PGbFvs002247@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>WE  NEED YOUR  URGENT  ASSISTANCE  SIR,</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MRS.MAUREEN WUSU.
COTONOU,
REPUBLIC OF BENIN
Dear friend,
I am a SierraLeonean by nationality, presently residing here in the
Neighboring Benin republic.I got your contact from a representative
officer with the Benin centre for external trade, tourism
department.We therefore solicit for your assistance to grant us
the all moral and technical advise that we may require to
relocate/invest overseas.
It is true that I had not known you before, but I have no option than
to risk believing that God will not let us alone. It's my pleasure to
contact you for a business venture which I and my Son, intend to
establish in your country. When war erupted in Freetown, there is
certain
amount of money totalling USD nineteen million($19,000,000.00) which my
late
Husband was able to move out of Sierraleon through a diplomatic
channel,with the assistance of a securities and finance company before
he was assassinated by unknown persons.
Now me and my son decided to invest these money in your country or
anywhere safe enough outside Africa for security and political reasons.
We want you to help us to secure the funds and settle it in your
nominated account in your country for a joint investment purposes on
the
followings below.
1) Manufacturing
2) Farming and acquisition of farmlands
3) Hospitality industry
As it pleases you to be of assistance to us, we will be glad to
Offer to you a 15% of the total funds. We are pleased to update you
that the transaction requires little administrative fees to effect the
release of the funds at the securities company, this is also one reason
whywe rely on your capability to assist us considering my present
situation
as a widow.
As soon as the funds is settled in your account,2% of the total sum
shall be deducted to offset every expenses which both parties must have
incurred in the process of completing the project including travel and
communication.Then reasonable part of the remaining 83% shall be
invested on your personal advise.
I await your soonest response. Feel free to contact me urgently
through my son Victor who is presently seeking asylum in Europe
through this email address (victor_wusu1@codehot.co.uk )
information relative to the presence/position of funds which will
authorize
the securities company to release to you as our partner and
beneficiary.
NB.The inclusion of your private telephone and fax numbers will be
appreciated for effective communication between us.
Thanking you in advance for honoring our request and God bless.
Mrs.M.Wusu




</p>

</body></html>