<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE REPENT AND KNOW YOUR GOD/ ALSO ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;CYRIL AKWARANDU&quot; &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="CYRIL AKWARANDU &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="madu_invest@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-02-12T06:16:09Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="son_david1@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="son_david1@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE REPENT AND KNOW YOUR GOD/ ALSO ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200302120608.h1C68jag018443@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;CYRIL AKWARANDU&quot; &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="CYRIL AKWARANDU &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;CYRIL AKWARANDU&quot; &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="CYRIL AKWARANDU &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-02-12T06:16:09Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-02-12T06:16:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 12 Feb 2003 01:08:51 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 12 01:08:53 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 12 Feb 2003 01:08:51 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200302120608.h1C68jag018443@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="CYRIL AKWARANDU" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;CYRIL AKWARANDU&quot; &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="CYRIL AKWARANDU &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-111" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="CYRIL AKWARANDU &lt;madu_invest@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200302120608.h1C68jag018443@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE REPENT AND KNOW YOUR GOD/ ALSO ASSIST ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>
PLEASE COME AND HELP

Before you read my message for which I am requesting for financial
assistance to enrol at American Intercontinental University, I want to enjoin you
to surrender your life to Christ.  Please repent for the Kingdom of God is at hand.

I will be sending you revelation messages a week later.

Thanks and God bless.

God bless you once again.  Amen

--------------------------
DEAR SERVANTS OF GOD,


I AM CYRIL AKWARANDU, I GAINED ADMISSION INTO AMERICAN INTERCONTINENTAL UNIVERSITY, LONDON BUT I HAVE NO MONEY TO PAY FOR THE TUITION FEE OF £3,670 AND I HAVE NO PERSON TO ASSIST ME.  AS A RESULT, MY ADMISSION WAS DEFARRED TO JANUARY 2003.  I HAVE BEEN INFORMED BY MY ADMISSION COUNSELLOR, THAT I NEED TO PAY FOR THE FEE IMMEDIATELY IN ORDER TO JOIN THE 2003 SESSION.

ANY AMOUNT GOD LAIDS IN YOUR HEART, PLEASE ASSIST AND THE ALMIGHTY WILL REWARD YOU ABUNDANTLY.

THIS AMOUNT CAN BE PAID STRAIGHT TO THE SCHOOLS ACCOUNT AS STATED BELOW AND A CONFIRMATION SENT TO ME VIA MY E-MAIL (cyakwarandu@hotmail.com)

I HEREBY PLEAD WITH YOU TO COME TO MY AID WITH WHAT THE LORD LAIDS IN YOUR HEART.  I NEED TO PAY THE TUITION FEE AND I HAVE NO BODY EXCEPT GOD TO ASSIST IN THIS REGARD.

GOD WILL BLESS YOU MORE AND MORE, IF YOU WOULD ALLOW YOURSELF USED TO HELP THE POOR OUT OF THE DUNGEON.

GOD BLESS YOU. AMEN.





DON'T BE WEARY IN WELL DOING FOR YOUR REWARD IS IN THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN.


The information above can be confirmed from American Intercontinental University, London and below is the Letter of Acceptance to me from the University.




Congratulations again on you acceptance. As I mentioned you now need to pay
your full fees now so that we can send you your visa letter. To make the
payment your sponsor needs to go to his bank and get them to transfer
£3,670.00 to our bank account. The bank details are as follows -

Bank address:
National Westminster Bank
Westminster Branch
PO BOX 3038
London SW1H 0HN
UK

Account number: 48 20 22 31.
Account name: The American European Corporation
Sort code: 56 00 33

Please fax a statement from the bank, showing that this transfer has been
made, and including the student name on the fax.  The fax number is at the
bottom of this message.

As I mentioned earlier I will be leaving the University on Monday. Your new
admissions officer is going to be Amer Mourad and you can contact him by
phone on +44 207 467 5645 or by email on amourad@aiulondon.ac.uk &lt;http://lw15fd.law15.hotmail.msn.com/cgi-bin/compose?curmbox=F000000001&amp;a=9c169e6ac45d169cd524ad16a41b8ffc&amp;mailto=1&amp;to=amourad@aiulondon.ac.uk&amp;msg=MSG1030550435.140&amp;start=375935&amp;len=2328&amp;src=&amp;type=x&gt;

Best regards

Anna Davison

**********************************
Anna Davison
Admissions Officer
AIU - London
110 Marylebone High Street
London W1U 4RY
Tel: +44 (0) 207 467 2441
Fax: +44 (0) 207 467 5641
email: adavison@aiulondon.ac.uk &lt;http://lw15fd.law15.hotmail.msn.com/cgi-bin/compose?curmbox=F000000001&amp;a=9c169e6ac45d169cd524ad16a41b8ffc&amp;mailto=1&amp;to=adavison@aiulondon.ac.uk&amp;msg=MSG1030550435.140&amp;start=375935&amp;len=2328&amp;src=&amp;type=x&gt;

www.aiulondon.ac.uk







</p>

</body></html>