<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="creator" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Aug 28 09:20:46 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Author" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1101" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk" />
<title>moni_millat@tiscali.co.uk</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN.DEAR,

My name is Mr Moni Millat a member of Independent Committee of
Eminent Persons (ICEP), Switzerland. ICEP is charged with the
responsibility

of finding bank accounts in Switzerland belonging to non-Swiss
indigenes, which have remained dormant since World War II.
It may interest you to know that in July of 1997, the Swiss Banker?s
Association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by
non-Swiss citizens. These accounts had been dormant since the end of
World

War II (May 9, 1945). Most belonged to Holocaust victims.
The continuing efforts of the Independent Committee of Eminent Persons
(ICEP) have since resulted in the discovery of additional dormant
accounts -54,000 in December, 1999.
The published lists contain all types of dormant accounts, including
interest-bearing savings accounts, securities accounts, safe deposit
boxes, custody accounts, and non-interest-bearing transaction accounts.

Numbered accounts are also included. Interest is paid on accounts that
were interest bearing when established.
The Claims Resolution Tribunal (CRT) handles processing of all claims
on accounts due non-Swiss citizens. A dormant account of ORDNER ADELE
with a credit balance of 45,000,000 US dollar plus accumulated interest

was discovered by me. The beneficiary was murdered during the holocaust

era, leaving no WILL and no possible records for trace of heirs.
The Claims Resolution Tribunal has been mandated to report all
unclaimed funds for permanent closure of accounts and transfer of
existing

credit balance into the treasury of Switzerland government as provided
by

the law for management of assets of deceased beneficiaries who died
interstate (living no wills).
Being a top executive at ICEP, I have all secret details and necessary
contacts for claim of the funds without any hitch. The funds will be
banked in the Holland Or London, being a safe haven for funds and
we can share the funds and use in investment of our choice.
Due to the sensitive nature of my job, I need a foreigner to HELP claim

the funds. All that is required is for you to provide me with your
details for processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim
documents for transfer of the funds to you.
Kindly provide me with your full name, address, and telephone/fax. I
will pay all required fees to ensure that the fund is transferred to a
secure, numbered account in your name in the Holland Or London, of which
you
will be capable of accessing the funds gradually and transferring to
your country and other banks of choice in the world. My share will be 60

percent and your share is 40 per cent of the total amount. THERE IS NO
RISK INVOLVED.
You can find additional information about unclaimed funds through the
internet at the following websites:
www.swissbankclaims.com
http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/

www.avotaynu.com
www.icheic.org
www.livingheirs.com
www.wiesenthal.com

The Holocaust Claims Processing Office has put funds in Escrow awaiting

submission of valid claims for necessary disbursement.
I find myself priviledged to have this information and this may be a
great opportunity for a life time of success without risks.
Due to security reasons, reply to my via email only. You may reply to
me securely on the following email,
monimillat@atlas.cz

Thank you for your prompt response.
Mr Moni Millat,

__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>