<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="from mrs grace" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Grace Obaseki&quot; &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt; I am Mrs Grace Obaseki, the wife of Chief Jackson Gaius" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Grace Obaseki &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//ingdirect.ozu.es/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-02T00:15:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="graceobaseki@ozu.es" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="graceobaseki@ozu.es will be concluded because every arrangement has been put" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="graceobaseki@ozu.es" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="graceobaseki@ozu.es will be concluded because every arrangement has been put" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-references" content="&lt;receipt-11383241@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="relation" content="&lt;web-11383337@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="from mrs grace" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-18021800@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content="&lt;web-11383337@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-18021800@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Grace Obaseki&quot; &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt; I am Mrs Grace Obaseki, the wife of Chief Jackson Gaius" />
<meta name="creator" content="Grace Obaseki &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Grace Obaseki&quot; &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt; I am Mrs Grace Obaseki, the wife of Chief Jackson Gaius" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Grace Obaseki &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-02T00:15:00Z" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="&lt;web-11383337@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 know each other better. I will start by introducing" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-02T00:15:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:References" content="&lt;receipt-11383241@ozu.es&gt; &lt;web-11383337@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.2b5 Yours faithfully," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Sep  1 22:16:30 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt; &lt;web-11383337@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Grace Obaseki" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Grace Obaseki&quot; &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt; I am Mrs Grace Obaseki, the wife of Chief Jackson Gaius" />
<meta name="Author" content="Grace Obaseki &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.2b5" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1105" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Grace Obaseki &lt;graceobaseki@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-18021800@ozu.es&gt;" />
<title>from mrs grace</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mrs. Grace Obaseki
Flat 8 Block 12 NNPC Quarters
Garki Abuja Nigeria
Email, graceobaseki2004@yahoo.com
HELLO DEAR.

I presume this letter will come to you as a surprise, but
as things unfold, we will
  know each other better. I will start by introducing
myself to you.
  I am Mrs Grace Obaseki, the wife of Chief Jackson Gaius
Obaseki,
the Managing Director, and Chief Executive, Nigerian
National
Petroleum orporation (NNPC).

  I am really sure that you will be of a good assistance
after going
thoroughly through this letter.
For many years of marriage now between me and my husband,
I have not
given birth, and this has really troubled my husband. As a
result
of the respect given to local tradition culture and custom
here in
Nigeria, my husband has decided to break the marriage.
With the
situation of things with me now, my matrimonial home look
bleak.
I am been threatened daily by my husband to get out from
the home.
My Husband s brothers are not left out in this matter.
This
situation has really affected me psychologically.
As at now, I am no longer Assured of a matrimonial home,
hence I seek
your urgent assistance and help which I know will go a
long way in
getting me settled finally.

I want to use this opportunity to move the sum of (US$18M)
into your
custody for safe keeping, pending my arrival in your
country. This
said amount was given to my husband as gratification from
some
Foreign Oil Companies he helped in getting Allocation for
the Drilling of
Crude Oil in Nigeria.
As a civil servant, he does not want to be exposed, hence
he gave me
this money to keep in my personal account so that he can
be
exonerated from the eyes of government security operatives
and the Civil
Service Commission (CSC) which is a body that scrutinizes
the
activities of all civil servants in Nigeria as checks and
balances for
official misconduct.


Be informed that this money is not connected with drugs;
money
laundry, firearms and looting which I believe will put
fears in you to
render the required assistance needed from you and
consequently
withdrawing your help for security reasons.
Hence the source of this said money is clean and clear.
This money was
deposited in my personal name, and there is no way it can
be
transferred telegraphically under the banking procedures
which could
have been the easiest, but because of monetary transfer
restriction
by the Federal Government of Nigeria, that is defeated.
Rather I have arranged a diplomat manager to move this
money out in
cash to any destination where it will be easy for you to
collect
under diplomatic immunity.


This he has assured me of. As a soon as I see your
response and
willingness to help as regards to this, I will furnish you
on the next
line of action to take, but be rest assured that this
transaction
is 100% risk free, and my husband will not raise any alarm
because
he will not like to put himself, his job and office in
jeopardy,
and if he does, he stands the change of loosing his job.

As soon as this money is moved to you, and you confirm to
me that you
have received it, I will be coming to meet you up there in
your
country where I wish to live the rest of my life.
I will be offering you 20% of this money for all your help
at this
time of need, while some percentages has been set aside
for my
Brother to complement his efforts here.
Be informed that this transaction will not last more than
14
working days and it
  will be concluded because every arrangement has been put
in place.
Your negative or positive response will be highly
appreciated.

  Yours faithfully,
Mrs Grace Obaseki
--------------------------------------------------
Nuevo Depósito a un mes 6% T.A.E. de ING
http://ingdirect.ozu.es/
--------------------------------------------------
Correo enviado desde http://www.ozu.es




</p>

</body></html>