<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="investment" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="investment" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;larryamu@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep  6 15:02:59 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;larryamu@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1108" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="larryamu@handbag.com" />
<title>investment</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir

You may be surprise to receive this letter from me, since you don?t know
me personally, I am Larry Amu The SON of DR Edward Amu, Who was recently
murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe. I got your contact as I was searching
for a

Reliable person to handle a very confidential business which involve a transfer
of fund to a foreign account and I decided to write you, my late father
was among the few black

Zimbabwean opposition party rich farmers murdered by the agents of the ruling
Government of president Robert mugabe, for his alleged support and sympathy
for the Zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the white minority, Before
the death of my

father, he had taken to Johannesburg and deposited the sum of thirty eight
million united state dollars (U$38,000,000 with a diplomatic company in
South Africa, and transfer to NETHERLAND(EUROPE), as if he foreseen the
looming danger in Zimbabwe. The money was deposited in a box as valuable
items (photographic material) to avoid over taxed custom clearance. These
land problems arose when president Robert mugabe introduced a new land act
that wholly affected the rich white farmers and some blacks vehemently condemned
the ideal. This result to rampant killings and mob action by the war veterans
and some political thugs, precisely more than three thousand( 3,000) people
have so far been killed. Heads of government from the west, especially Britain
and United States have voice their condemnation of Mugabe's plans. Subsequently,
south Africa have development community(S.A.D.C)has continuously supported
mugabe's new land act, I am face with the dilemma of investing this money
in the Netherlands because I am not having resident permit for fear of such
investment, Hence I am seeking for (political asylum) in the Netherlands,
I am looking for a business person whom I can entrusted this fund into his
hands for investment, I must let you know that this transaction is 100%
risk free and the nature of your business does not necessarily matter. For
your assistance I am offering you 30% of the sum, 65% for me and my family,
while 5% will be mapped out for any expenses that we may incurred during
this transaction. We wish to invest our money on commercial properties based
on your advice. Finally, I will demand for assurance that you will not sit
on the money when it gets to your personal account or Company account in
your country, If this proposal is accepted please confirm your interest
by or sending me email with this email larryamu@netscape.net

Thanks.

larry amu


__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>