<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 130.851  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="Business Proposal!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_50,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,MILLION_USD,MIME_BOUND_MANY_HEX,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_ID,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_BODY_GOVT_3,OFFSHORE_SCAM,USER_IN_BLACKLIST,US_DOLLARS_2,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="234 80 28326956" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="c4120@k.ro" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-08T18:25:22Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 130.851  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chris4120e@k.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="c2281d88-a547-4b67-bf90-b3d0370b5333" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_50,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,MILLION_USD,MIME_BOUND_MANY_HEX,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_ID,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_BODY_GOVT_3,OFFSHORE_SCAM,USER_IN_BLACKLIST,US_DOLLARS_2,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="chris4120e@k.ro" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="chris4120e@k.ro or to call me with the tel number" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chris4120e@k.ro" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Business Proposal!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	for &lt;R@K&gt;; Wed, 8 Sep 2004 14:24:41 -0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200409081823.i88INtFE001415@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-08T18:25:22Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-08T18:25:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Sep  8 14:24:46 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;c4120@k.ro&gt; for &lt;R@K&gt;; Wed, 8 Sep 2004 14:24:41 -0400" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200409081823.i88INtFE001415@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-contact" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi =96 Group General Manager " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1109" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi &lt;c4120@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200409081823.i88INtFE001415@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Business Proposal!</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>National Petroleum Investment Management Services (NAPIMS)
NNPC Building
38 Kingsway Road
Ikoyi, Lagos
Tel: 234 80 28326956
Contact: Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi – Group General Manager
Email: chris4120e@k.ro

I am Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi a member of the Presidential
Payment Verification Committee (PPVC) of the Federal
Government of Nigeria, West Africa and also a Director
of Project Implementation with the NNPC. I am
presently on assignment with my colleagues in the
ministry of finance and the presidency carrying out
routine verification of contractual claims on behalf
of the NNPC

I apologize for using this medium to reach you for a
Transaction/business of this magnitude, but this is
due to Confidentiality and prompt access reposed on
this medium. In unfolding this proposal, I want to
count on you, as a respected and honest person to
handle this transaction with sincerity, trust and
confidentiality.


I have decided to seek a confidential co-operation
with you in the process of actualising our dreams
described hereunder. For the benefit of all parties
and hope you will keep it in confidence because of the
nature of this transaction within the NNPC and
Ministry of Finance (FMF), where I work as Director of
Project Implementation.

With the cooperation of four other top officials, we
have in our possession overdue payment bills which we
are presently verifying, to the tune of Twenty Six
Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars
(US$26,500,000.) which we want to transfer abroad with
the assistance and cooperation of a foreign
company/individual to receive the said fund on our
behalf or a reliable foreign non-company account to
receive such funds.

More so, we are handicapped in the circumstances, as
the Civil Service Code of Conduct does not allow us to
operate offshore account hence your importance in the
whole transaction.

This amount $26.5m represents the balance of the total
contract value executed on behalf of the Nigerian
National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) by a foreign
contracting firm, which we the officials over-invoiced
deliberately in the course of our verification
exercise. Though the actual contract cost have been
paid to the original contractor, leaving the balance
in the tune of the said amount which we have in
principle gotten approval to remit by Key Tested
Telegraphic Transfer (K.T.T) to any foreign bank
account you will provide by filing in an application
to NNPC and the Ministry of Finance for the transfer
of Rights and Privileges to the contractual sum to
you/your account.

I have the authority of my partners involved to
propose that should you be willing to assist us in the
transaction, your share of the sum would be 30% of
the $26.5million, 60% for us, while 10% has been mapped out from the total sum to cover any expenses that maybe incurred by us during the course of this transfer, both locally and international expenses.. The business itself is
100% safe, on your part provided you treat it with
utmost secrecy and confidentiality.

Your area of specialization is not a hindrance to the
successful execution of this transaction. I have
reposed my confidence in you and hope that you
would not disappoint me.

Should you be interested or not in this transaction,
please notify me through this private
email: chris4120e@k.ro or to call me with the tel number
above. If not also let us know, so as to enable us
enough time to scout for another credible foreign
partner or not to help carry out this transaction.

I assure you that my partners and I are in a position
to make the payment of this claim possible provided
you can give us a very strong assurance and guarantee
that our share would be secured and please always
remember to treat this matter with the utmost
confidentiality, as any form of exposure would
compromise our positions in this government, being
active Government Civil Servants.

Once again, remember time is of great essence in this
transaction.

I wait in anticipation of your fullest co-operation.

Yours faithfully,
Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi


</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>