<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="LOOKING FOR TRUSTED PARTNER" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR.YARO BAMIYI&quot; &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.YARO BAMIYI &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="doomer@themail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-02-12T16:17:38Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="boomer1@netster.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="boomer1@netster.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="LOOKING FOR TRUSTED PARTNER" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200302121617.h1CGHc0B016233@cs.CU&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR.YARO BAMIYI&quot; &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.YARO BAMIYI &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR.YARO BAMIYI&quot; &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.YARO BAMIYI &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-02-12T16:17:38Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-02-12T16:17:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 12 Feb 2003 11:17:44 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 12 11:18:00 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;doomer@themail.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 12 Feb 2003 11:17:44 -0500 (EST) " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200302121617.h1CGHc0B016233@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR.YARO BAMIYI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR.YARO BAMIYI&quot; &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.YARO BAMIYI &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-112" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR.YARO BAMIYI &lt;doomer@themail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200302121617.h1CGHc0B016233@cs.CU&gt; " />
<title>LOOKING FOR TRUSTED PARTNER</title>
</head>
<body><p>

ATTN: Sir/Madam.



My name is MR YARO BAMIYI, the eldest son of Rtd
General
BUBA S.G.BAMIYI, who was the estwhile Minister
of the Federal Capital territory Abuja in thelate
General Sani Abachas Regime of 1993-1998.I am
contacting you in a benevolent spirit; utmost
confidence and trust to enable us provide a solution
to a money transfer of $25M that is presently putting
my entire family into great disarray.

You may be quite surprised at my sudden contact to you
but do not despair, I got your contact from a business
site on the internet and following the information I
gathered about you, I was convinced that you could be
of assistance to me. So,I decided to contact you at
once due to the urgency required for us to immediately
transfer the said funds out of the country.

During the time my father was in the government with
the late General Sani Abacha as the head of state,they
were both involved in several deals that yielded
Billions of Dollars. The prominent amongst the deals
was monies that emanated from funds set aside for the
importation of Arms and Ammunitions to boost the
Nigerian Defense, funds set to embark on an oversea
ampaign to counter the United States action to put a
stop to the self succession bid of the Abacha
government to retain power, and monies set aside to
rehabilitate the ailing Nigerian Petroleum Refineries
and the National Electric Power Authority which
supplies Electricity to the entire nation. If you are
conversant with world news, you would understand
better.

During this period my father was able to make some
good money for himself and kept in his private bank
accounts. The then head of state General Sani Abacha
transferred his share of the money through a Lebanese
businessman, Chagoury and a Jewish businessman, Mark
Rissar to bank accounts overseas. Unfortunately, all
the secrets were revealed by the investigation
agencies set up by the successive governments and most
of the Abacha?s loots were traced and repatriated
fromthe various accounts to the Federal Government
Treasury.

Out of the money my father made, he left the sum of
N50 Million (Fifty Million Naira) in the CBN escrow
account for further transfer into a foreign account
and a sum of $25M (TWENTY-FIVE Million Dollars) was
kept in a Private security firm here in Nigeria.
Through the confessions made by the Abacha?s Family,
the N50 Million was recovered by the investigating
agency from the CBN escrow account. But were unable to
discover the $25M, which he kept in the vaults. The
reason is because no names were used to lodge in the
funds.Instead, he used PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS
(PIN) and declared the contents as Bearer Bonds and
Treasury Bills. Also the firm issued him with a
certificate of deposit of the consignments. Note thatI
have these information in my custody.

Right now, my father has been arrested and detained
for interrogation. As the eldest son of my Father, I
believe that I owe the entire family an obligation to
ensure that the $25M is successfully transferred
abroad for investment purposes. With the present
situation, I cannot do it all by myself.

It is based on this that I am making this contact with
you. I have done a thorough homework and fine-tuned
the best wayto create you as the beneficiary to the
funds and effect the transfer accordingly. Is rest
assured that the modalities I have resolved to
finalize the entire project guarantees our safety and
the successful transfer of the funds. So, you will be
absolutely right when you say that this project is
risk free and viable. If you are capable and willing
to assist,contact me at once via email for more
details.

Believe me, there is no one else we can trust gain.All
my fathers friends have deserted us after exploiting
us on the pretence of trying to help my father. As it
is said, "it is at the time of problems that you know
your true friends". So long as you keep everything to
yourself, we would definitely have no problems. For
your assistance, I am ready to give you as much as 20%
of the total funds after transfer and invest a
reasonable percentage into any viable business you may
suggest.

Please, I need your assistance to make this happen and
please; do not undermine it because it will also be
asource of up liftment to you also. You have
absolutely nothing to loose in assisting us
instead,you have so much to gain.



Awaiting your urgent and positive response.
Best Regards

MR.YARO BAMIYI.

Alternative Email:(yaroroyal@bluemail.ch) OR (yarobamiyi@themail.com)





</p>

</body></html>