<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jobutu01@yahoo.ie" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-13T11:36:54Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPLY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1C6p8g-0004fy-00@h9271.serverkompetenz.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-13T11:36:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-13T11:36:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep 13 08:15:32 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1C6p8g-0004fy-00@h9271.serverkompetenz.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mobutu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1114" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mobutu &lt;jobutu01@yahoo.ie&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1C6p8g-0004fy-00@h9271.serverkompetenz.net&gt;" />
<title>REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>
DEAR Friend,

Please reply to "nzangamobutu@ecplaza.net"

I know that this letter will come to you as a surprise
considering the fact that we have not met before.May
the Almighty God bless you as you read this email.I am
trully looking for someone that will assist me with a
business that has to do with my family estate which my
late father left behind for us.i am contacting you
based on the fact that i want someone that is not
known to my family to assist me in this business and
this is for security reasons which i will explain to
you as we make progress.

I am the first son of the late Joseph Desire Mobutu,
the former President of "ZAIRE" now democratic
republic of congo .I am presently on political asylum in Nigeria . I
got your contact over the internet during my search
for a person that will assist me in this business.this
became neccessary as i do not want anybody known to me
or my family to be associated with this money.
I want you to note that this business will benefit
both of us and that it is 100% risk free. However, you
must confirm your ability to handle this because it involves a large amount of
money. The funds "THIRTY SEVEN MILLION UNITED STATES
DOLLARS" ($37million)is my share of my father's
estate. 

I boxed and shipped the money to a security
company abroad at the peak of the a political uprising
that rocked my country few years ago. Now that the
crisis has ended , I need a trustworthy person to
proceed to the place of the security company in order to clear the fund and
afterwards,i will come to your country for us to start
a joint business venture as i do not have the
intention of bringing the funds back to Africa for a
very long time.Note that I will send to you the
relevant documents that will enable you take
possession of the fund for onward investment for our
mutual benefit. All I need from you is as follows:


1. Your confirmation of your ability to handle this
business for me.

2.your word that you will keep this business as 
confidential as possible at all times until we
conclude this business.

3. Your telephone and fax numbers for communication.

4. Your full permanent address.

As soon as I get the above information from you, I
will disclose to you the name and the country of the
security company, the contact of the diplomat that i
have hired to assist us in this business,as well as 
your name and particulars to the security company as my
representative and my partner to enable them contact
you accordingly. As we make progress,i will send to
you a"LETTER OF AUTHORITY" and "AGREEMENT LETTER" to
enable you clear the fund on my behalf. Note that this
is a very safe transaction as this funds is my share
of my father's estate.Please reply to "nzangamobutu@ecplaza.net"

I await your response to enable us proceed.


Regards,

Nzanga Joseph Desire Mobutu



___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at PHP-Nuke Powered Site
- http://www.blitz-krieg.de


</p>

</body></html>