<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Maryam&quot; &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Maryam &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="maryamabacha_42@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="maryamabacha_42@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Maryam&quot; &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Maryam &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs. Maryam&quot; &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Maryam &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="mrs.maryam_abacha@outgun.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep 13 20:44:17 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Maryam" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs. Maryam&quot; &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Maryam &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1115" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs. Maryam &lt;mrs_maryam_abacha48@handbag.com&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>CONFIDENTIAL/URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL.
Dear Friend,

I am delighted to write this letter to you hoping that you will understand
my predicament and answer back without hesitation.

I am Dr Maryam Abacha the wife of the late Nigerian head of State General
Sani Abacha. I got your contact on the internet as I was making contact
for a honest foreigner who will help save my life and my children, hence
our country has been frustrating us since the death of my husband.

I am in possession of $25 000.000 (TWENTY FIVE MILLION U.S DOLLARS ONLY)
which I want to invest in your country. For your clarification and understanding,this
money in a box which my husband deposited in the finance and security company
in dis-guise as a family treasure since 11th of febuary 1998, is not an
ill gotten wealth rather, it was generated from my organisation FAMILY SUPPORT
PROGRAM (F.S.P). I will enlighten you more of this organisation if you indicate
a helping interest to secure this money on my behalf.

On your acceptance to render this assistance to me,I will instruct the finance
company to effect a change of ownership of this fund in your name as the
bona-fide owner to enable you claim the fund from the security and finance
company,also I will disclose to you the country and the name of the finance
and security company where this money is being deposited.

What I demand from you now is to arrange for a visit to the finance company
where this money is being deposited and claim it as the bona-fide owner.It
is very ideal you forward to me your private telephone and fax numbers to
enable me send all relevant documents pertaining the deposit of this fund
for your clarification and more understanding.

Bear in mind that this transaction demands absolute confidentiality because
properties and bank accounts both local and international bearing the Abacha's
family name, are being ordered to be confiscated by the newly elected civilian
President of Nigeria (President Olusegun Obasanjo) hence I will not want
to be exposed.

Let me refer you to the front page of This Day Newspapers of 10th March
2001. You can check it through their website:www.thisdayonline.com , click
on archives,8th.june,2001) The present government in Nigeria had frozen
and seized all my bank accounts both here in Nigeria and abroad.

Thus l shall expect you to contact me urgently to enable us discuss in detail
about this transaction For your knowledge, 25% of this fund $25 000.000
(TWENTY FIVE MILLION U.S DOLLARS) will be given to you if you assist me
to secure this fund and another 5% has been set aside for all the expenses
you might incure during the process of securing this fund.Example: TELEPHONE
BILLS, HOTEL BILLS, FLIGHT BILLS and other mislenous expenses.

When you must have taken the agreed percentage, you will use part of the
balance to buy a living house for my family there in your country, where
we shall live in the future and the remaining part will be kept for investment
package also in your country which will be under your supervision.

Contact me through my son (OMAR ABACHA) who recently escaped from Nigeria
to Johannesboug South Africa where he is now staying as a refuge on his
email address omarabacha@hotmail.com to avoid us losing this money, since
it is the only remaining fund for the survival of my family.

Thanks for your anticipated co-operation.
Yours sincerely,

MRS.MARYAM ABACHA

Please for security reasons reply to my alternative email
address:mrs.maryam_abacha@outgun.com





__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>