<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[80.179.243.2]" />
<meta name="subject" content="confidential" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Prince Yobo&quot; &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Prince Yobo &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-14T10:57:48Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="princeyobo200@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="princeyobo200@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="confidential" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY23-F42iF7tHwaLVu0002ce8a@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Sep 2004 10:57:49.0117 (UTC) FILETIME=[AC890ED0:01C49A49]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	Tue, 14 Sep 2004 10:57:48 GMT" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY23-F42iF7tHwaLVu0002ce8a@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Prince Yobo&quot; &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Prince Yobo &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Prince Yobo&quot; &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Prince Yobo &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-14T10:57:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-14T10:57:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Sep 2004 10:57:49.0117 (UTC) FILETIME=[AC890ED0:01C49A49]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 14 06:57:55 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt; Tue, 14 Sep 2004 10:57:48 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Prince Yobo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Prince Yobo&quot; &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Prince Yobo &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[80.179.243.2]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1116" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Prince Yobo &lt;peterwhite@fsbinternationalbankplc.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY23-F42iF7tHwaLVu0002ce8a@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>confidential</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir/madam,

This letter might surprise you because we have met neither in person nor by
correspondence, but I believe that it takes just one day to meet or know
someone either physically or through correspondence.

I got your contact through my personal search, you were revealed as being
quite astute in private Entrepreneurship, one has no doubt in your ability
to handle a financial business transaction.


However, I am the first son of His Royal Majesty  Pepple Y. William, the
traditional ruler of Bonny province in the Oil rich area of Rivers state in
Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in respect of USD45, 000,000.00
(Forty Five Million United States Dollars), which I inherited from my late
father.

As You may be aware that my country is the third largest oil producing
country in the whole world. My father is the ruler of the richest community
in Nigeria. My community produce 5.8% of the total annual Oil production in
Nigeria and 0.5% of the Dollar value of each barrel is paid to my father as
royalty by the Federal Government to our community. In his position as the
royal head and chairman of the Bonny Oil trust fund.


Foreigners often refer to his kingdom as the Gas/Oil Land. This is because
the island floats atop one of the largest gas and oil deposits anywhere in
the world. This explains is why the island is home to several Multinational
oil companies, such as Shell, Exxon-Mobil, Chevron and one of Nigeria's most
expensive ventures in recent time, Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas Company
(NLNG), these companies also offers my father a lot of gratifications as the
royal father of the kingdom where they operate.

Some of this money was accumulated from royalties paid to my father as
compensation by the Oil firms located in our area, for hampering Agriculture
which is our main source of livelihood. Unfortunately my father died from
protracted diabetes. Before his death secretely he willed the sum of USD45,
000,000.00 (Forty Five Million United States Dollars) and he safely
deposited this money in cash into a consignment and kept it in the custody
of a security company without the security company knowing the content.


I have the certificate of Deposit and any information you wish to have as a
proof to show for it.

My problem actually started when my stepmother said that the next king must
be her son instead of me as the heir apparent to the throne. I am the first
son of my father but my stepmother has used her position and influence to
convince some members of the council of elders that my biological mother was
not properly married to my father because my mother is not living in the
palace due to some problems within the family before the death of my father.
This action by my step mother is just a bid to deny me of my right, which I
challenged. In the process  there was confusion that divided the community
into two factions. This led to a revolution by the youths and women who are
solidly behind me. Consequently, my international passport was seized just
to stop me from traveling outside the country.


Now I need help. I need someone who will claim the fund my father deposited
with the financial security company and deposit it in his/her personal
account pending when I will be free again. Please, help me to salvage the
only hope of survival that I now have of which my step mother and the
children do not know about this money.


I am in need of help to safe guide this money so as to settle down and fight
for my rightful throne. Right now, I am in hiding and I do not want this
money to stay much more in the security company because I don't want to
incur extra cost on the deposit since I don't know how long my problem will
last.


If you can help me in this my time of need, I will give you 20% of the total
sum, while 80% will be kept for me.


I look forward to your helping me.


Yours sincerely,


Prince Yobo William




</p>

</body></html>