<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From: Martins Aku" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt; FONT-FAMILY: arial" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-16T09:30:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="martinsaku@handbag.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="= Multipart Boundary 0916040230" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From: Martins Aku" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;div&gt;attn" content="MANAGING DIRECTOR/PRESIDENT&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200409161330.i8GDUtGY018296@brazil.mail.UM&gt; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt; FONT-FAMILY: arial" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt; FONT-FAMILY: arial" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-16T09:30:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-16T09:30:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="MANAGING DIRECTOR/PRESIDENT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 16 09:32:59 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt; boundary=&quot;= Multipart Boundary 0916040230&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200409161330.i8GDUtGY018296@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Martins Aku" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Martins Aku&quot; &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt; FONT-FAMILY: arial" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1117" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200409161330.i8GDUtGY018296@brazil.mail.UM&gt; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<title>From: Martins Aku</title>
</head>
<body>


RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS 
# 16 OBIOMA STREET, 
G. R A, ENUGU, 
ENUGU 
STATE. 
NIGERIA. 


 

ATTN: MANAGING DIRECTOR/PRESIDENT

 

In order to transfer (USD$56 Million Dollars) from our bank, I have the 
courage to ask you to look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable 
of this important business believing that you will not me down. 

 

I am MR. MARTINS AKUthe eastern district bank manager of united bank for 
Africa plc (UBA). There is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 
nobody has operated on this account again. After intensive investigations, I 
discovered that if I do not find a way to get the amount in question stacked out 
somewhere safe urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this 
account, ENGR. SMITH U. WILLIAMS, a foreigner, the manager of Petro- technical 
support services, a chemical Engineer by profession and he died in 1990 and no 
other person knows about this account or any other beneficiary. My 
investigations prove to me as well that this company does not know anything 
about this account and has no attachment to the said amount. The amount involved 
is 56 MILLION USD (FIFTY-SIX MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS) ONLY. 

 

In the light of the fact, I needed your assistance to open your door to 
this opportunity by providing your account or any account of your choice where 
the fund will be remitted. I want to transfer this money into a safe foreigner’s 
account abroad but I don’t know any one who could actually assist, I am only 
contacting you as a foreigner because this money can only be approved to a 
foreign account because the money is in US Dollars and the owner of the account 
ENGR. SMITH U. WILLIAMS and a foreigner too. 

 

I know that this mail will come as surprise to you as we don’t know 
ourselves, but be sure that is for real. I got your contact on the believing 
that you will not let me down in this business. You are the only person that I 
have contacted for this business, so please reply urgently so that I will let 
you know what steps to take next. Send also your private telephone, fax and 
mobile number for easy communication including the full details of the account 
to be used for the deposit. I am contacting you because of the need to involve a 
foreigner with foreign account. I need your full co-operation to make this work 
out alright. 

 

Your assistance as foreigner is necessary because the management is ready 
to welcome any person, a foreigner who has correct information of this account, 
which I will give to you immediately, if you are interested to conclude this 
transaction with me. If your are capable of handling such amount in strict 
confidence, keeping to my instructions I need a sincere person for this venture 
because I don’t want to make mistake, I need your strong assurance that this 
money will be intact pending my arrival in your country for sharing. 

 

You should be informed strictly that I will burn all the documents in your 
presence immediately after this money has been remitted to your account leaving 
no trace to any place. 

 

I will apply for annual leave immediately I hear from you that you are 
ready to act and receive this fund in your account. This is to enable me use my 
position and influence to effect legal approvals for onward transfer of this 
money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and 
foreign exchange department. 

 

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 20% of the total 
amount, 70% will be for us and 10%for any expenses incurred during the 
transaction. 

 

I look forward to your earnest reply.

 

Yours truly, 

 

MR. MARTINS AKU

 


</body></html>