<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 17.361  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_50,DEAR_SOMETHING,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_BODY_GOVT_3,NO_REAL_NAME,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,UNDISC_RECIPS,US_DOLLARS_2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@E&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 17.361  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="emma_aziziandco@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_50,DEAR_SOMETHING,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_BODY_GOVT_3,NO_REAL_NAME,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,UNDISC_RECIPS,US_DOLLARS_2" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="emma_aziziandco@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-nb" content="Bank Account Details not necessary as" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	for &lt;R@K&gt;; Thu, 16 Sep 2004 11:08:35 -0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;emma_azizicompany@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Dear sir/madam," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 16 11:10:12 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;emma_azizicompany@handbag.com&gt; for &lt;R@K&gt;; Thu, 16 Sep 2004 11:08:35 -0400" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1118" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="emma_azizicompany@handbag.com" />
<title>BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE OFFICE OF ENGR.EMMANUEL AZIZI.
FEDERAL MINISTRY OF WORKS AND HOUSING
FEDERAL SECRETARIAT OFFICE COMPLEX
FALOMO, IKOYI - LAGOS.
ATTN: Dear sir/madam,

First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in
this transaction, this is by virtue of it's nature as
being utterly confidential and top secret as you were
introduced to us in confidence through the Nigerian
Chamber of Commerce, foreign trade division.
We are top officials from the Federal Ministry of
Works and Housing,(FMWH),Federal Ministry of Finance
and the Presidency, making up the Contract Review
Panel (CRP) set up by the Federal Government of
Nigeria to review contracts awarded by the
pastmilitary administration.

In the course of our work on the CRP, we discovered
this fund which resulted from grossly over-invoiced
contracts which were executed for theFMW&amp;H during the
last administration. The companies that executed the
contracts have been duly paid and the contracts
commissioned leaving the sum of US$17 Million
floating in the escrow account of the Central Bank of
Nigeria ready for payment.
I have therefore been mandated as a matter of trust by
my colleagues in the panel to look for an overseas
partner to whom we could transfer the sum of US$17M
legally subcontracting the entitlement to your
company. This is bearing in mind that our civil
service code of conduct forbids us from owning
foreign company or running foreign account while in
government service hence the need for an overseas
partner.

We have agreed that the funds will be shared thus
after it has been paid into your account:
(1) 30% of the money will go to you for acting as
thebeneficiary of the fund.
(2) 10% has been set aside as an abstract projection
for reimbursment to both parties for incidental
expences that may be incurred in the course of the
transaction.
(3) 60% to us the government officials (with which we
wish to commence an importation business inconjunction
with you ).
All logistics are in place and all modalities worked
out for the smooth conclusion of the transaction
within ten to fourteen days of commencement after
receipt of the following information: Your company
name, address, company's details &amp;
activities,telephone &amp; fax numbers.

These information will enable us make the applications
and lodge claims to the concerned ministries &amp;
agencies in favour of your company and it is pertinent
to state here that this transaction is entirely based
on trust as the solar bank draft or certified cheque
drawable in any of the Central Bank of Nigeria
correspondent bankers around the world is going to
bemade in your name.
Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter using my
e-mail address, stating your tel/fax number for
further details.Yours faithfully,

Engr.Emmanuel Azizi.

NB: Bank Account Details not necessary as
preferred mode of payment is by draft or cheque.









__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>