<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 6.771  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Disposition-Notification-To" content="&lt;mrskatekoroma@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE SAVE US" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_00,DEAR_FRIEND,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,MISSING_DATE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_ID,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NO_REAL_NAME,PRIORITY_NO_NAME,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-18T01:11:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 6.771  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_00,DEAR_FRIEND,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,MISSING_DATE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_ID,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NO_REAL_NAME,PRIORITY_NO_NAME,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE SAVE US" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200409180111.i8I1B3BV014270@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="creator" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-18T01:11:03Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-18T01:11:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrskatekoroma@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-disposition-notification-to" content="&lt;mrskatekoroma@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Sep 17 21:11:21 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrskatekoroma@netscape.net&gt; Firm as our beneficiary" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200409180111.i8I1B3BV014270@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Author" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1122" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mrskatekoroma@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200409180111.i8I1B3BV014270@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE SAVE US</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,

I am Mrs.kate koroma  wife to the late john koroma from
Sierra Leon. I am writing you in absolute confidence prmarily to seek
your assistance to transfer our cash of($12,000.000.00) now in the custody
of a private Security trust firm in Europe.
the money is in trunk boxesdeposited and declared as Precious stones by my
late Husband as a matter of fact the company does not know the content as
money, although my husband made them to under stand that the boxes belongs
to his foreign partner.Source of the money:

My late Husband john koroma, a native of  Mende District in the Northern
province of Sierra Leone, was the General Manager of Sierra Leone Mining
co-operation (S.L.M.C.) Freetown . According to my Husband, this money was
the income accrued from Mining Co-operation's over draft and minor sales.
Before the peak of the civil war between the rebels forces  and the combined
forces of ECOMOG peace keeping operation that almost destroyed my country,
following the forceful removal from power of the civilian elected President
Ahmed Tejan Kabbah by the rebels. My Husband had already made arrangement
for
I and my two children to be evacuate to Ivory coast with the CERTIFICATE OF
DEPOSIT  he made with a security firm in Europe through the aid of U.N
evacuation team.

During the war in my country, and following the indiscriminate looting of
Public and Government properties by the rebel forces, the Sierra Leone
mining coop. Was one of the target looted and it was destroyed. My husband
including other top Government functionaries were attacked and killed by the
rebels in November 2000 because of his relationship with the civilian
Government of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah.

As a result of my husbands's death , and with the information we got that
the rebels are out for us the burden became too much for me to handle
coupled with the ill health of my daugther she died in the process as i
could not afford her a decent medical care.Our only hope now is in you and
the boxes deposited in the Security Firm To this effect, I humbly solicit
your assistance in the followings ways.

1. to assist me claim this boxes from the security
 Firm as our beneficiary

2. to transfer this money (USD$12M) in your name to your country

3. to make a good arrangement for a joint business investment on our behalf
in your country
and you, our Adviser/ Manager For your assistance, I have agreed with my
only surviving son that 20% of the total amount will be for your effort and
another 10 % to cover all the expenses that may incur during the business
transaction, and also 10% for any charity of choice the reason
I am doing this is that i never new that people are passing through such
hardship like this until i find myself in the same contion. Last, I urge you
to keep this transaction strictly confidential as no one knows our where
about.

Please as you show your willingness, Forward to us your full name, address
and Tel/ Fax numbers, to me via my private email address as indicated
bellow, this is for security reasons as i will  only be accessing my private
email earnestly awaiting your response.

Thanks.

May God bless you as you assist us.

MRS KATE KOROMA

mrskatekoroma@netscape.net




</p>

</body></html>