<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="LUCY LOKOMBOH " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="LUCY LOKOMBOH " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Masesela Dikgale &lt;lulo1@tiscali.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-18T07:03:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lulo1@tiscali.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="lulo1@tiscali.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="lulo1@tiscali.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="lulo1@tiscali.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="Masesela Dikgale &lt;lokomboh@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_Part_238_22137652.1095490992650" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;33478864.1095490992653.JavaMail.root@scorpion&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="Masesela Dikgale &lt;lokomboh@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="LUCY LOKOMBOH " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;33478864.1095490992653.JavaMail.root@scorpion&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="LUCY LOKOMBOH " />
<meta name="creator" content="Masesela Dikgale &lt;lulo1@tiscali.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="LUCY LOKOMBOH " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Masesela Dikgale &lt;lulo1@tiscali.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-18T07:03:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-18T07:03:12Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="lokomboh@msn.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lulo1@tiscali.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 18 05:35:05 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lulo1@tiscali.co.za&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_Part_238_22137652.1095490992650&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Masesela Dikgale" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="LUCY LOKOMBOH " />
<meta name="Author" content="Masesela Dikgale &lt;lulo1@tiscali.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1124" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Masesela Dikgale &lt;lulo1@tiscali.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;33478864.1095490992653.JavaMail.root@scorpion&gt;" />
<title>LUCY LOKOMBOH </title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>From: LUCY LOKOMBOH 
e-mail: lokomboh@msn.com 
 
This very confidential request should not come as a surprise to you. 

I am LUCY LOKOMBOH, the wife of the late L.T. Col. KABONGO LOKOMBOH, who was the 
Chief Security Officer to the late President Laurent Kabila of Democratic 
Republic of Congo, with regards to your trustworthiness and reliability, I 
decided to seek for your assistance in transferring some money out of South 
Africa into your country, for onward dispatch and investment. 

I will reveal to you, based on the fact that I could rely on you, the height of 
the crisis that led to Laurent Kabila assassination, he personally mandated and 
instructed my husband to create and fully equip special elite force, to protect 
him against the rebels then, working against his government. This instruction 
was very discreet and highly confidential and was backed up with the sum of 
US$18.000, 000.00 (Eighteen million United States Dollars) in cash, for the 
purchase of Arms and Ammunition from an independent arms dealer in Republic of 
South Africa. 

We brought this fund to South Africa, where he was supposed to negotiate and 
purchase the Arms and Ammunition. This money was transported through diplomatic 
means, and negotiation was still in progress when the news came to me that our 
President has been shot. He then quickly decided to stop all negotiations and 
diverted the all funds to our personal use, as it was golden opportunity. He 
then left the children and me and went back home to attend the funeral of 
Laurent Kabila where he was also killed. 

This money is presently deposited in a Security Company here in Johannesburg, 
South Africa since January 2001 although the Security Company does not know the 
real content of the box. We deposited it as family treasure containing Gold and 
Diamond. I now seek your assistance in providing an overseas account to enable 
me transfer this money out of South Africa, to where it can be invested. I have 
made all the necessary arrangement on our own side to ensure smooth remittance. 
However, due to my refugee status I cannot operate a bank account here, neither 
can I invest here in South Africa. Hence my desire is to transfer and invest in 
your country. Please note that your account has got to be in a position to carry 
that amount of money. 

For your assistance, after the transaction, I have agreed to give you 15% of the 
total sum, while the balance of 85% will be for my investment. I intend to keep 
my presence here in South Africa low profile due to my popularity back home, so 
I request all information provided to be kept secret and confidential. 

I am obliged to provide details immediately as soon as I receive the 
acknowledgement of this letter from you, indicating your interest to assist me. 
You can contact us with the above e-mail or preferably, through e-mail: 
lokomboh@msn.com 

Best regards, 

LUCY LOKOMBOH 


Powered by Tiscali - http://www.tiscali.co.za


</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>