<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From London !!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-18T17:52:02Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From London !!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200409190154.i8J1s9ke030495@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-18T17:52:02Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-18T17:52:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kennymartins@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 18 21:55:05 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kennymartins@rediffmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200409190154.i8J1s9ke030495@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1128" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200409190154.i8J1s9ke030495@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>From London !!!!!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>
&gt;From : Barrister. Kenny Martins
Kindest Attention,

Firstly, not to cause you embarrassment, I am Barrister. Kenny Martins, a
Papua New Guinean by Nationality, a Barrister based in the United
Kingdom and the personal attorney to late Mr. Mark Michelle a
National of France, who used to be a private contractor with the
Shell Petroleum Development Company in Saudi Arabia, herein after
shall be referred to as my client. On the 21st of April 2001, he and his
wife with their three children were involved in an auto crash; all
occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives.

Since then, I have made several enquiries with his country's
embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives, this has also
proved unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I
decided to contact you with this business partnership proposal. I
have contacted you to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money
left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared
unserviceable by the Bank where this huge deposit was lodged.

The deceased had a deposit valued presently at GBP30 million British
Pounds Sterling and the Bank has issued me a notice to provide his
next of kin or Beneficiary by Will otherwise have the account
confiscated within the next thirty official working days.  Since I have
been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over three years now, I
seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / Will Beneficiary
to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at
GBP 30 Milliom British Pounds Sterling can be paid to you.

This will be disbursed or shared in these percentages, 70% to me and
30% to you.I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to
Back up any claim will be obtained From the Court of England with the
Certificate Of Deposit which has been issued to me by the Bank.

All I require is your honest Co-operation,Confidentiality and Trust
to enable us see this project through. I guarantee you that this will be
executed under a legitimate Arrangement that will protect you from any
breach of the law. All the relevant documents that will give you the
legal backing to claim the fund will be processed. Please
acknowledge receipt of this message by e-mail.

As I am based in the United Kingdom. And please provide me the
following below; this is to enable me commence immediate preparation
of all legal document that will back up our claim.

1. Full Name
2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
3. Your Contact Address.

Your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated.

Best regards,
Barrister. Kenny Martins.




</p>

</body></html>