<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Good day" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-urgent" content="" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Good day" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="creator" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;carobert1@wooow.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep 20 11:47:06 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;carobert1@wooow.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="Author" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1133" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="carobert1@wooow.it" />
<title>Good day</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

I have a profiling amount in an excess of US$183.5M, which I seek your partnership
in accommodating for me. I am willing to give out 25% of this total sum to
you for your quick assistance and partnership. However, I sincerely seek
your confidence in this transaction, which I propose to you as a TOP SECRET.

My name is Robert Bada, i am the personal assistance to the former President
of Republic of Liberia (President Charles Taylor). You most be aware that
Charles Taylor has been fighting serious civil war with the Liberia United
for the Restoration of Democracy (LURDS) for quite some years now. And LURDS
were backed all along by some foreign powerful countries. Not quite long
ago, the American government ordered President Charles Taylor to leave Liberia
or be forced out of power. Knowing fully well the capabilities of America
and other powerful members of the United Nations, President Charles Taylor
decided on the 11th of August 2003 to go into exile in a neighboring country
Nigeria to seek asylum.

Based on these developments, his various foreign bank accounts have been
frozen and some are still under serious investigation. But in the light of
all these sad happenings, President Charles Taylor was able, through the
help of some loyalist succeeded to secretly move the sum of US$183.5M, on
my name as the owner to a private security company vault in Nigeria where
the final crediting is expected to be carried out later. All the depositing
documents of the above fund were on my name and they are still in my possession


YOUR ROLE:
All I need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum
and I will arrange for the documentation which will enable the Security Company
transfer / wire the fund to your bank account. I have decided to do this
only with you and use this sum to relocate to European or American continent
and never to be connected to any of President Charles Taylor?s conglomerates.
This transaction can be concluded in 2 weeks.
 
URGENT:
Your response is needed. I want you to call me on 234 1 7755778 for more
directives information and the nest required step of how we have to make
immediate move.  PLEASE send your REPLY to these my private email addresses:
primetimes@centrum.cz and ospectra3776@netscape.net, I will also need your
private and direct telephone and fax number for easy reach. Please this is
a very confidential matter, you don't disclose to anybody for us to have
success. As soon as I get your positive response, I will send you more details.

Best regard

Mr Robert Bada



</p>

</body></html>