<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENTLY WAITING FOR YOUR REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENTLY WAITING FOR YOUR REPLY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="creator" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 21 00:10:01 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Author" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1141" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="dradophilusjaja@tiscali.co.uk" />
<title>URGENTLY WAITING FOR YOUR REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>I AM DR,adophilusjaja, THE ACCOUNTANT GENERAL OF UNITED BANK OF AFRICA PLC.


I REQUEST YOUR CO-OPERATION IN THE TRANSFER OF A HUGE AMOUNT OF MONEY. ON
SEPT. 1996,

AN OIL CONSULTANT/CONTRACTOR WITH THE KUWAIT OIL MINISTRY,MR. AHMED YOUSUF
MUSTAPHA,

AN IRAQ NATIONAL MADE A FIXED DEPOSIT IN OUR UNITED BANK OF AFRICA PLC.
(U.B.A.). ON

MATURITY WE SENT A ROUTINE NOTIFICATION TO HIS FORWARDING ADDRESS BUT GOT
NO REPLY.

AFTER A MONTH, WE SENT A REMINDER AND FINALLY HIS EMPLOYERS WROTE TO  INFORM
US THAT

MR. MUSTAPHA DIED IN AN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT, THAT HE DIED  WITHOUT MAKING
A WILL WHILE

OUR ATTEMPT TO TRACE HIS NEXT OF KIN  THROUGH IRAQ EMBASSY PROVED FRUITLESS.
WHEN HE

WAS MAKING DEPOSITION IN MY BANK, HE DID NOT DECLARE HIS NEXT OF KIN IN
HIS DEPOSIT

APPLICATION FORM, WHEN I REMINDED HIM HE SAID HE WISHED IT SO, IN THE CONSERVATIVE


MANNER OF OUR BANK, I DID NOT TURN DOWN HIS REQUEST RATHER HONOR IT CONSIDERING
HIS

HIGH NETWORT.


THE POINT IS THAT HIS EMPLOYER ARE NOT AWARE OF HIS DEPOSIT WITH US,THEREFORE
I AM THE

ONLY PERSON WHO KNOW ABOUT MR .MUSTAPHA,S DEPOSIT ,WHICH IS NOW LAYING IN
DORMANT

ACCOUNT PORTFOLIO, THE WHOLE DETAILS RELATING TO MR.MUSTAPHA'S DEPOSIT IS
ALSO WITH

ME.I AM LOOKING FORWARD FOR A FOREIGNER WHO WILL STAND IN AS THE NEXT OF
KIN TO

MR.MUSTAPHA.I HAVE WORKED OUT MODALITIES OF ACHIEVING MY AIM BY APPOINTING
YOU AS THE

NEXT OF KIN TO MR.MUSTAPHA AS WELL AS TRANSFER THE MONEY ABROAD FOR US TO
SHARE.


I WILL USE AN ATTORNEY WHO WILL REPRESENT YOU AS THE BENEFICIARY TO EXECUTE
SERIES OF

AFFIDAVIT IN SUPPORT OF YOUR CLAIM INCLUDING CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN OF THE
MONEY,

LETTER OF ADMINISTRATION WHICH EMPOWERS YOU AS THE SOLE TRUSTEE EXECUTOR
TO THE ESTATE

OF MUSTAPHA. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SIGN ANY TRANSFER
DOCUMENT

AS THE APPOINTED ATTORNEY WILL DO ALL THAT.


IF YOU AGREE TO ACT AS THE NEXT OF KIN/BENEFICIARY TO ENABLE ME TRANSFER/CONVERT
THE

MONEY TO OUR OWN BENEFIT/USE .I WILL GIVE YOU 30% OF ENTIRE SUM 60 % WILL
BE FOR ME

WHILE 10% WILL BE TO TAKE CARE OF ALL UNFORESEEN EXPENSES AS WE MAY INCURE
IN THE

COURSE OF CONCLUDING THIS TRANSACTION AND I WILL ALSO WANT YOU TO FURNISH
ME WITH YOUR

FULL NAME,CONTACT ADDRESS,TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS RESPECTIVELY.

I AM URGENTLY WAITING FOR YOUR REPLY . BEST REGARDS.DR,adophilusjaja.
MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADDRESS;DR,adophilusjaja@YAHOO.COM

__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>