<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 129.448  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="Business Proposal" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr.James Tobi&quot; &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.James Tobi &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_50,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,MIME_QP_EXCESSIVE,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,ONCE_IN_LIFETIME,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED,USER_IN_BLACKLIST,US_DOLLARS_2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tobi4120a.@k.ro" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-21T11:36:54Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 129.448  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="tobi4120a@k.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_50,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,MIME_QP_EXCESSIVE,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,ONCE_IN_LIFETIME,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED,USER_IN_BLACKLIST,US_DOLLARS_2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="tobi4120a@k.ro" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Business Proposal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	for &lt;R@E&gt;; Tue, 21 Sep 2004 07:35:48 -0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200409211135.i8LBZQW9003895@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr.James Tobi&quot; &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.James Tobi &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr.James Tobi&quot; &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.James Tobi &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-21T11:36:54Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-21T11:36:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 21 07:36:17 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt; for &lt;R@E&gt;; Tue, 21 Sep 2004 07:35:48 -0400" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200409211135.i8LBZQW9003895@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.James Tobi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr.James Tobi&quot; &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.James Tobi &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1142" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.James Tobi &lt;tobi4120a.@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200409211135.i8LBZQW9003895@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Business Proposal</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn: President/Ceo.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL
RE: TRANSFER OF US$21.5 MILLION (TWENTY ONE MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLARS ONLY).

I know this email will reach you as a surprise, but need not to worry as we are using the only secured and confidential medium available to seek for foreign assistance/partnership in a business transaction, which is of mutual benefit.
I am a member of the Federal Government of Nigeria Contract Award and Monitoring Committee in the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). Sometime ago, a contract was awarded to a foreign firm in NNPC by my Committee. This contract was over invoiced to the tune of US$21.5M. U.S. dollars. This was done deliberately. The over-invoicing was a deal by my committee to benefit from the project. We now want to transfer this money which is in a suspense Account with NNPC into any Overseas Account which we expect you to provide for us.

SHARE: -
For providing the account where we shall remit the money into, you will be entitled to 30% of the money, 60% will be for me and my partners while 10% has been mapped out from the total sum to cover any expenses that maybe incurred by us during the course of this transfer, both locally and international expenses.

I would require the following: -
1. Your company's names, address telephones and fax numbers.
2. The bank where the money will be remitted to.

The above information would be used to make formal applications as a matter of procedure for the release of the money and onward transfer to your account. It does not matter whether or not your company does contract projects of this nature described here. The assumption is that your company won the major contract and subcontracted it out to other companies. More often than not, big trading companies or firms of unrelated fields win major contracts and subcontracts to more specialized firms for execution of such contracts.

We have strong reliable connections and contacts at the Central Bank of Nigeria, as well as the Federal Ministry of Finance and we have no doubt that all the money will be released and transferred if we get the necessary foreign partner to assist us in this deal. Therefore, when the business is successfully concluded we shall through our same connections withdraw all documents used from all the concerned Government Ministries for 100% security.

We are ordinary civil servants and we will not want to miss this once in a lifetime opportunity to get rich. We want this money to be transferred to the overseas Accounts for us, before the present Democratic Government starts auditing all Federal Government owned Parstatals.
Please contact me immediately through my private mailbox (tobi4120a@k.ro). If you are not, it will enable me scout for another foreign partner to carry out this deal. But where you are interested, send the required documents aforementioned herein through my above mailbox, as time is of the essence in this business.

I wait in anticipation of your fullest co-operation.
Yours faithfully,
Mr.James Tobi









</p>

</body></html>