<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ATTENTION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha&quot; &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="leathercity1@irangate.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2001-05-02T02:18:56Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="leathercity1@irangate.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="leathercity1@irangate.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ATTENTION" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200302190138.UAA19394@changeofhabit.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha&quot; &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha&quot; &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2001-05-02T02:18:56Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2001-05-02T02:18:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 18 20:38:36 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200302190138.UAA19394@changeofhabit.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha&quot; &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-116" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs. Safi  Al Mustapha &lt;leathercity1@irangate.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200302190138.UAA19394@changeofhabit.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title>ATTENTION</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Sir,

I Am Mrs. Safinatu Al Mustapha The First Wife Of Major Al Mustapha
The Chief Security Officer (Cso)To Major General Sani Abacha Who Diedin Office .
Since The Death Of The President, The Present Nigerian Government Of
General Olusegun Obasanjo Has Done Virtually Nothing Except To Hunt
Down The Family Of The Late President And All Those Associated Withe
Him.The Government Has Seized And Frozen All The Assets And Funds Of
The Abacha Family And His Associates. You Can Visit The Following
Websites For A First Hand Information On This:
Http://Allafrica.Com/Stories/200203180074.Html
Http://Www.Time.Com/Time/Europe/Magazine/2000/27/Swiss.Html

My Husband Has Been In Detention For The Past 3 Years After
Forfeiting His Assets To The Government. All His Known Bank Accounts
Are Presently Frozen And This Has Made It Very Difficult For Us To
Fight His Various Court Cases With The Present Government And Life In
General Is Becoming Unbearable For Us. When This Whole Saga Began, My
Husband Did Not Take It Serious Thinking That He Will Be In Detention
For A While And Then Regain His Freedom But To His Chagrin, He Has
Been Held For 3 Years And Now The Funds He Left With Us Has Been
Exhausted By Attorney Fees.


Although The Government Froze His Accounts And Seized His Properties,
But Unknown To Them My Husband Had Some Funds Stashed In Safe Deposit
Vault With A Security Company In A Neighboring Country. The Amount
Of This Deposit Is Us $60 Million And Was Given To Him By The Late
President For Safe Keeping Outside The Country Before His Death. My
Detained Husband Has Asked Me To Seek The Assistance/Collaboration Of
A Foreigner To Help Me In Securing The Release And Eventual Transfer
Of This Money Oversee To Ensure That The Nigerian Government Does Not
Seize It Equally. This Is Why I Am Contacting You To Assist Me In The
Release And Transfer Of This Money To Your Country For Safe Keeping.

Because Of Restriction On My Movement Here, My Husband Has Advice Me
To Use The Services Of My Personal Lawyer To Liaise With You On This
Transaction To Ensure That I Am Not Cheated In Any Way given Our
Present Circumstances. As Compensation For Your Envisaged Role In
This Transaction, My Husband Has Asked Me To Offer You Us $6.0
Million As Fees, This Should Be Deducted From The Deposit Upon
Withdrawal. Your Envisaged Expenditure In Securing The Release And
Transfer Of This Money Is To Be Tabulated For A Refund Upon Transfer.

Please Help My Family Out Of Our Present Ordeal By Treating This
Transaction With Utmost Secrecy .
Please Forward Your Observation Through My Lawyer Who Is Better
Placed To Plot The Logistics With You.

My lawyer Is Barr. Abdul Mohammed
Email Mohammedchambers99@Yahoo.Co.Uk

Thanking You In Anticipation Of Your Cooperation.

Yours,

Mrs. Safinatu Al Mustapha







</p>

</body></html>