<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT AS MOST URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MRS JULLIET ABRAMS&quot; &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS JULLIET ABRAMS &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="julliet02@tfanus.com.er" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-23T10:27:45Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jullietabrams@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jullietabrams@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT AS MOST URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200409231128.i8NBSRM25823@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MRS JULLIET ABRAMS&quot; &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS JULLIET ABRAMS &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MRS JULLIET ABRAMS&quot; &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS JULLIET ABRAMS &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-23T10:27:45Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-23T10:27:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 23 07:29:04 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200409231128.i8NBSRM25823@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS JULLIET ABRAMS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MRS JULLIET ABRAMS&quot; &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS JULLIET ABRAMS &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1155" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS JULLIET ABRAMS &lt;julliet02@tfanus.com.er&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200409231128.i8NBSRM25823@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>TREAT AS MOST URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF:
MRS JULLIET ABRAMS
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK
HEADQUARTERS
COTONOU
REPUBLIC OF BENIN.

I am MRS JULLIET ABRAMS, credit officer of African
Development Bank. I have an urgent and very
confidential business proposition for you.

In June, 1998, a British Oil consultant/contractor
with the West African's oil and Solid Minerals
Corporation, Mr. David Van Buskirk made a numbered
time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar
months, valued at US$35,000,000.00(Thirty five Million United States Dollars only) in my branch. Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification
to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a
month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered
from his contract employers, the West African oil and
Solid Minerals Corporation that Mr.David Van Buskirk
died in an air crash along with his wife on the 31st
October, 1999 in an Egyptian airline 990 with other
passengers on board.

On further investigation,I found out that he died
without making a WILL, and hitherto, all attempts to
trace his next of kin was fruitless. Mr.David Van
Buskirk was residing at No 1 Rue de Avenida, G.R.A.
Cotonou, Benin Republic.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr.David Van Buskirk did not declare any kin or
relations in all his official documents, including his
Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of
US$35,000,000.00 is still sitting in my
Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the
principal sum at the end of each year. No one will
ever come forward to claim it. According to Laws of
Benin, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money
will be declared frozen and forfeited to the
Benin Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin or business
partner to Mr.David Van Buskirk so that
the fruits of this old man's labor will not get into
the hands of some corrupt government officials. This
is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your
full names and address,phone and fax numbers so that
the attorney will prepare the necessary
documents and affidavits that will put you in place as
the next of kin or business partner. We shall employ
the services of an attorney for drafting
and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the
necessary documents and letter of
probate/administration in your favor for the transfer.

A bank account in any part of the world that you will
provide will then facilitate the transfer of this
money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.

The money will be paid into your account for us to
share in the ratio of 65% for me, 30% for you and 5%
for expenses incurred in the course of the
transaction.

We could also use an ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY in
Europe to secure this funds and transfer to your
account in your country.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done legitimately and with my
position as the credit officer guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction. If you are
interested, please reply immediately to
my email box.

Please send me your confidential telephone and fax
numbers for easy communication.

You should observe utmost confidentiality cum secrecy,
and rest assured that this transaction would be most
profitable for both of us because
I will require your assistance to invest my share in
your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply.

Thanks and regards.


Mrs Julliet Abrams
Direct Line: 00229 07 14 19
Alternative email address: &lt;jullietabrams@yahoo.ca&gt;






</p>

</body></html>