<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ANTICIPATING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Miss Funke Komana&quot; &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Miss Funke Komana &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="funke2211@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-dear" content="Good Day " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="funke221@juno.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ANTICIPATING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="funke221@juno.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Miss Funke Komana&quot; &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Miss Funke Komana &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Miss Funke Komana&quot; &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Miss Funke Komana &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Sep 24 04:54:29 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Miss Funke Komana" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Miss Funke Komana&quot; &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Miss Funke Komana &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1156" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Miss Funke Komana &lt;funke2211@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<title>ANTICIPATING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear: Good Day

I know that this mail might be a surpriseing to you but do consider it as
an emergency. In a nut shell, My name is Miss Funke komana 18 years old
from the republic of Sierria-Leone in west Africa, now seeking for refugee
in Dakar -Senegal under the(UNHCR).

The only child of late Dr.Solomon komana. I am looking for someone who can
take me as child I promise to be obidient to you and I will bring happiness
to your life, I prayed over it and selected your name amoung two names due
to it's esteeming nature and the recommendations given to me, as a reputable
and trustworthy person.I can do business with,and by their recommendations
I must not hesitate to confide in you for this simple and sincere business.I
want you to assist me in this transaction.

My late father was the managing director of Rainbow Gold and Diamond Mine
company in (KENEMA)Sierra-Leone.But he was poisoned to death alongside with
my mother by his business associate, On one of their outing to discuss a
business deal in oversea, However, after their death I managed to stay alone
and when the war broke out in my country.

I escape to refugee camp in senegal with every important files of my
father.He has the sum of (US$15.2M)Fiften million two hundred thousand U.S
Dollars only. This amount was deposited by my late father in one of the
leading Banks in outside Sierria-Leone. The deposit documents indicate me
as the next of kin. Presently, I am saddled with the problem of securing
a trust worthy foriegn personality to help me. I will map out 15% for you.

(1) you will Stand on my behalf as the beneficiary for the claim of the
inheritance from the bank since the management of the bank adviced that
I
should solicit for an individual or corporate organization to claim the
deposit for me as they cannot release it directly to me due to my refugee
status in Senegal.

(2) Transfer the money over to your own country and into your possession
pending my arrival to meet with you.

(3)Invest and manage the money for me in a good business pending my
maturity.

(4) Help me secure my travelling documents to meet you as soon as my money
is released to you.

Furthermore,you can contact the Bank for confirmation and I will issue a
letter of authorisation on your name,that will enable the bank correspond
with you on my behalf.I am giving you this offers as mentioned with every
confidence on your acceptance to assist me or adopt me as your Child if
possible and manage the money for me.

Conclusively I wish you send me a reply immediately you recieve this
proposal. Until then,I remain with the

best Regards

Miss Funke komana




__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>