<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="(Peace)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Jay Afolabi&quot; &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Jay Afolabi &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.dailytimesofnigeria.com/DailyTimes/2003/December/4/N29bnscam.a=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.dailytimesofnigeria.com/SundayTimes/2003/December/14/HowAfolab=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.vanguardngr.com/articles/2002/c2122003.htm " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jafo57@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jafofile@freenet.de" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="(Peace)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jafofile@freenet.de" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Jay Afolabi&quot; &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Jay Afolabi &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs. Jay Afolabi&quot; &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Jay Afolabi &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Sep 24 14:09:44 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Jay Afolabi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs. Jay Afolabi&quot; &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Jay Afolabi &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1157" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs. Jay Afolabi &lt;jafo57@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<title>(Peace)</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir/Madam

At this perceived confusion or stress may have With due respect. Sorry receiving
this letter Since we have not known ourselves or met before.  Despite that,
I am constrained to write you this letter because of
the urgency of it.

By way of self introduction, I am Mrs Joy Afolabi, the wife of late Dr.
Sunday Afolabi Little did I know that my Late husband used his position
in the present government to influence the  Nigerian government to award
SAGEM S.A COMPANY (FRANCE)  the contract of handing the Nigerian national
identification card scheme in Nigeria of, which he and his colleagues were
then offered the sum of $214 million dollars by SAGEM as bribes.

Since my husband was a care-free person, he was poisoned by his colleagues
so that he will not get his share of the deal and later died out of shock
during his treatment abroad in Germany when he Finlay realised that his
case was as a result of poison, but thank God, my husband was smart enough
to have kept some wealth without letting anybody knows about it.


However, since after my husband death, we have suffered maltreatment and
untold hardship in the hands of my late husband's family, simply because
I did not bear a male child [heir apparent] for my
late husband. By tradition, all that my late husband had, [wealth] belongs
to his brothers/family. And myself is to be remarried by his immediate younger
brother which I vehemently refused. They have taken
all that I suffered with my husband to acquire including treasures, houses
and his bank particular seized by them. I wanted to escape to the United
States of America [USA} with my children on exile, but
again they conspired and stole my International passport and  other travelling
document to further frustrate me. My three daughters and I are trapped in
obnoxious custom and traditional norms.

Thank God, two weeks ago, I received Key Text Code from a Security Company
in EUROPE, that my late husband deposited U.S $15.5 Million cash in one
Security company in Europe. It has therefore become
very necessary and urgent to contact someone a foreigner like you to help
me receive/secure these funds overseas in a  reliable bank Account presumably
an empty Bank Account, if available and  to help invest it on our behalf
as well, while we find a way of getting out to meet with you in your country.
These funds are kept with one Security Company in EUROPE to avoid detection,
seizure or diversion.

I have had several communication with  the Director of the security company
in Europe, who has express willingness to help me on meeting the company's
demands.

This is why I have contacted you to help save my children and I By receiving
these funds on our behalf. But you need to give me Sufficient assurance
that you will not divert the fund if you help me.

My children and I have resolved to give you 30% of the total sum. This is
all my children and I have got to live on.

Please, I have reposed my confidence in you and hope you will not disappoint
me. I look forward to your urgent response, including your phone/ mobile
No and also your fax no for easier communication.
The secret codes (e.g Pin No, Secret Access Code)for this fund are safely
kept with me which I can give you as soon as you express desire to help
me.

Thank in advance for confidentiality and I look forward to hearing from
you.

Mrs. Joy Afolabi.
For authenticity, Please visit this site's.

http://www.dailytimesofnigeria.com/DailyTimes/2003/December/4/N29bnscam.asp
http://www.dailytimesofnigeria.com/SundayTimes/2003/December/14/HowAfolabi.asp
http://www.vanguardngr.com/articles/2002/c2122003.htm



__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>