<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="READ AND REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam Khalifa&quot; &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Mariam Khalifa &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-26T18:49:20Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="READ AND REPLY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200409261849.i8QInJh4025364@threefriends.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam Khalifa&quot; &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Mariam Khalifa &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam Khalifa&quot; &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Mariam Khalifa &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-26T18:49:20Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-26T18:49:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Sep 26 14:49:23 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt; No=3A 24A Idrisa Road=2C" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200409261849.i8QInJh4025364@threefriends.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Mariam Khalifa" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam Khalifa&quot; &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Mariam Khalifa &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1161" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs. Mariam Khalifa &lt;mariamkhalifa200ad@arabtop.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200409261849.i8QInJh4025364@threefriends.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>READ AND REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>  No: 24A Idrisa Road,
Baghdad.Republic of Iraq.
Salam

Greetings to you in the name of our Allah
I am Mrs Mariam Khalifa, a devoted muslim,a new muslim convert of 56
years old after being converted from a christian family by my
husband.For quite a good number of years now,I have been suffering from cancer of
the breast and fibroid of the womb which has for a long time now
affected my health and from all indications my condition is
deteriorating by day and by my doctor's prediction I have less than six
months to live.

My husband who is now late was killed during the US/British attack
against the president of my country (Sadam Hussain).My late husband was
a member of the contract award committee of the republican ministry of
petroleum and resources of Iraq under the regime of Sadam Hussein.
Throughout the period of my marriage with my husband,all efforts to
bear children proved abortive because of my poor state of health.My
husband was a very wealthy and influential man during the post war Iraq.
After his death,I inherited all his wealth since he has no other next of
kin. Since it is now obvious that I may not survive my poor state of
health,

I have deemed it necessary to leave a legacy on Earth and give a
positive account and justification of the life I lived on Earth before
the Almighty Allah who will punish all those unbelivers and evil doers
that murderd my husband and wants to control the Iraq oil wealth in the
name of war against terrorism.

This I want to achieve by committing part of this wealth in all
sincerlity to fund mosques, Islamic orphanages,widows and also
propagating the word of ALLAH and to ensure that the society upholds the
views and beliefs of the holy Quran. The holy Quran emphasized so much
on ALLAH'S benevolence and this has encouraged me to take this bold step
hence the reason for taking this bold decision, I know that afterdeath,
i
will be with ALLAH the most beneficent and the most merciful.
Please, note that this sum(us$12.4 Million) was securely deposited in a
security/financial company overseas in my name by my husband . I have
highlighted my attorney on the said sum and all the possible assistance
he wouldrender to you on the documents covering the money so as to
enable you receive it as I cannot follow it up because of my ill
health.Presently, my attorny is in on assylum as he is also wanted by
the American/British coallision forces in Iraq.

I will also issue you a letter of authorization to anable the money be
paid into your account.I want you and the Muslim community where you
reside to always pray for me,My happiness is that i lived a life of a
true devoted muslim worthy of emulation.
Lastly, I honestly pray that this money when remitted to you will be
judiciously used for the said purpose and you will take 10% as a
compensation for your assistance in carrying out these humanitarian
services.

Whoever wants to serve ALLAH must serve him in truth and in fairness.
Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your
reply will give me room to source for a muslim organisation or a devoted
muslim for this same purpose.Until I hear from you, my dreams will rest
squarely on your shoulders. May the almighty ALLAH continue to bless
you.

Best regards.
Mrs. Mariam Khalifa,







</p>

</body></html>