<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Hello" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ahmed momoh&quot; &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt; Nigeria." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ahmed momoh &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ahmedmomoh231@mail2world.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Hello" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ahmedmomoh231@mail2world.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ahmed momoh&quot; &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt; Nigeria." />
<meta name="creator" content="ahmed momoh &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ahmed momoh&quot; &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt; Nigeria." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ahmed momoh &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Attorney(s)/Legal Practitioner(s)." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 28 14:01:56 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt; A.Momoh &amp; Co." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ahmed momoh" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ahmed momoh&quot; &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt; Nigeria." />
<meta name="Author" content="ahmed momoh &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1168" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ahmed momoh &lt;ahmedmomoh222@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<title>Hello</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:      Barrister Ahmed Momoh Esq.
           A.Momoh &amp; Co.
           Attorney(s)/Legal Practitioner(s).
           Nigeria.

Dear Friend,


Compliments of the season.Grace and peace and love
from this part of the Atlantic to you.I hope my letter
does not cause you too much embarrassment as i write
to you in good faith based on the contact address
given to me by a friend who works at the Nigerian
embassy in your country.Please excuse my intrusion
into your private life.

I am Barrister Ahmed Momoh, i represent Mohammed Abacha,
son of the late gen. Sani Abacha, who was the former
military head of state in Nigeria, he died in 1998.
Since his death, the family has been losing a lot of
money due to vindictive government officials
who are bent on dealing with the family,based on this
therefore, the family has asked me to seek for a
foreign partner who can work with us as to move out
the total sum of US$25,000,000.00 ( twenty five
million united states dollars ), presently in their
possession. this money was of course, acquired by the
late president and is now kept secretly by the
family.The Swiss government has already frozen all the
accounts of the family in Switzerland, and some other
countries would soon follow to do the same. This bid
by some government officials to deal with this family
has made it necessary that we seek your assistance in
receiving this money and in investing it on behalf of
the family.

This must be a joint venture transaction and we must
all work together. since this money is still
cash,extra security measures have been taken to
protect it from theft or seizure,pending when
agreement is reached on when and how to move it into
any of your nominated bank accounts. I have personally
worked out all modalities for the peaceful conclusion
of this transaction.

My clients are willing to give you a reasonable
percentage of this money as soon as the transaction is
concluded. I will, however, based on the grounds that
you are willing to work with us and also all
contentious issues discussed before the commencement
of this transaction. you may also discuss your
percentage before we start to work.As soon as i hear
from you, i will give you all necessary details as to
how we intend to carry out the whole transaction.
Please, do not entertain any fears, as all necessary
modalities are in place,and i assure you of all
success and safety in this transaction.

Please, this transaction requires absolute
confidentiality and you would be expected to treat  it
as such until the funds are moved out of this
country.Please, you will also ignore this letter and
respect our trust in you by not exposing this
transaction, even if you are not interested.

Endeavour to get in touch with me through this my
confidential email address below:
ahmedmomoh231@mail2world.com


I look forward to working with you.

Thank you.

Truely yours,
Ahmed Momoh "Esq"



__________________________________________________________________
Get Tiscali Broadband From £15:99
http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadbandhome/





</p>

</body></html>