<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="HELLO MY DEAR.." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-09-30T11:19:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;415357FA0002D2B4@ims1c.cp.tin.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELLO MY DEAR.." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;415357FA0002D2B4@ims1c.cp.tin.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it " />
<meta name="creator" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-09-30T11:19:16Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-09-30T11:19:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;musa.zongo7@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 30 07:38:13 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;musa.zongo7@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it " />
<meta name="Author" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1174" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="musa.zongo7@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;415357FA0002D2B4@ims1c.cp.tin.it&gt; " />
<title>HELLO MY DEAR..</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR MUSA ZONGO.
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER.
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
BANQUE DEVELOPPEMENT DU AFRICAINE-ADB ANNEXE.
REPUBLIC OF BENIN-COTONOU.
PHONE +229 683 625.

GOOD DAY.

I am MR MUSA ZONGO,the Manager in charge of BILL AND EXCHANGE DEPT UNIT
of BANQUEDEVELOPPEMENT DU AFRICAINE-ADB ANNEXE. COTONOU-REPUBLIC OF BENIN
with due respectand regard.

I have decided to contact you on a business transaction that will be beneficialto
both of us at the end of the transaction.

During our investigations and Accounting auditing in this bank, my department
cameacross a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died
withhis entire family on FEBRUARY 14,2002 in an AUTO CRASH along BURKINA
FASO/LOME-TOGOEXPRESS WAY in WEST AFRICA and the fund has been dormant in
his account withthis Bank without any claim of the fund in our custody eit
her from his familyor relation before our discovery to this development.


Although personally, I keep this information secret within myself  to enable
thewhole plans and idea be Profitable and successful during the time of
execution.The said amount was us$14M (Fourteen million united states dollars).

As it may interest you to know, I got your contact informations through
south africannetwork online  programme and after i prayed for GOD'S devine
mercies,i decidedto contact you over this enterpresing transcation that
both of us must benefitsfrom this business of such magnitude without any
problem.

Meanwhile all the whole arrangements to put claim over this fund as the
bonafidenext of kin to the deceased,get the required approval and transfer
this moneyto a foreign account has been put in place ,futher directives
and needed informationswill be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your
interest and willingnessto assist me and al so benefit your self to this
great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my posi tion in
this countryas a civil servant, we are not allowed to operate a foreign
account and wouldeventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time
of transfer because Iwork in this bank.

This is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who
willforward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust of oath to
the Bankand also present a foreign account where he will need the money
to be re-transferredinto on his request as it may be after due verification
and clarification bythe correspondent branch of the bank where the whole
money will be remitted fromto your own designation bank account.

May I at this point emphasize that this transaction is 100% risk free as
I havemade arrangements for a successful deal before contacting you.
On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will b e entitled to 25% of
the totalsum as gratifications,while 5% will be set aside to take care of
expenses thatmay arise during the time of transfer and also telephone bills,
while 70% willbe for me .


Please, you have been adviced to keep top secret as i'm still in service
and intendto retire from service after we conclude this deal with you.

I will be monitoring the whole situations here in this bank until you confirm
themoney in your account and ask my entire family and me to come down to
your countryfor subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages
previously indicatedand further investments, either in your country or any
country you advice usto invest in.

All other necessary informations will be sent to you when I hear from you.I
suggestyou get back to me as soon as possible via telephone and also through
this email,statingyour wish in this deal.

Yours Faithfully.
MR MUSA ZONGO.
phone +229 68 3625.
Alternative   Email musa.zongo@caramail.com




</p>

</body></html>