<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-errors-to" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="STRICTLY A PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-02-20T12:01:15Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-2" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Errors-To" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;chukwu mike&quot; &lt;mikechukwu32@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com  " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;chukwu mike&quot; &lt;mikechukwu32@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="STRICTLY A PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E18lpO7-0003l5-00@wakumbi.prim.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-2" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-02-20T12:01:15Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-2" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-02-20T12:01:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;www-data@wakumbi.prim.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="PrimPosta" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mikechukwu32@primposta.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb 20 08:02:43 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;www-data@wakumbi.prim.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E18lpO7-0003l5-00@wakumbi.prim.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="www-data &lt;www-data@wakumbi.prim.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="www-data &lt;www-data@wakumbi.prim.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="PrimPosta" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-119" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E18lpO7-0003l5-00@wakumbi.prim.hu&gt;" />
<title>STRICTLY A PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR. MIKE CHUKWU. 
ZENITH INTERNATIONAL BANK PLC, 
LAGOS-NIGERIA. 
EMAIL: mikechukwu32@primposta.com  



DEAR SIR, 

STRICTLY A PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL 

I AM MIKE CHUKWU , THE MANAGER, BILLS AND 
EXCHANGE AT THE FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPARTMENT OF THE 
ZENITH INTERNATIONAL BANK PLC. 
I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO ASK FOR YOUR SUPPORT AND COOPERATION TO 
CARRY OUT THIS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY IN MY 
DEPARTMENT. WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF 
$15,000,000.00 (FIFTEEN MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS 
ONLY) IN AN ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE OF OUR FOREIGN 
CUSTOMERS WHO DIED ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY OF A 
WIFE AND TWO CHILDREN IN NOVEMBER 1997 IN A PLANE 
CRASH. 
SINCE WE HEARD OF HIS DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING 
HIS NEXT-OF-KIN TO COME OVER AND PUT CLAIMS FOR HIS MONEY AS THE 
HEIR,BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE THE FUND FROM HIS ACCOUNT UNLESS 
SOMEONE 
APPLIES FOR CLAIM AS THE NEXT-OF-KIN TO THE DECEASED AS INDICATED IN 
OUR 
BANKING GUIDELINES. UNFORTUNATELY, NEITHER THEIR FAMILY MEMBER NOR 
DISTANT 
RELATIVE HAS EVER APPEARED TO CLAIM THE SAID FUND. UPON THIS 
DISCOVERY,I AND OTHER 
OFFICIALS IN MY DEPARTMENT HAVE AGREED TO MAKE 
BUSINESS WITH YOU AND RELEASE THE TOTAL AMOUNT INTO 
YOUR ACCOUNT AS THE HEIR OF THE FUND SINCE NO ONE CAME 
FOR IT OR DISCOVERED HE MAINTAINED ACCOUNT WITH 
OUR BANK, OTHERWISE THE FUND WILL BE RETURNED TO THE 
BANKS TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED FUND. 

WE HAVE AGREED THAT OUR RATIO OF SHARING WILL BE 
AS STATED THUS; 
30 % FOR YOU AS FOREIGN PARTNER, 
60 % FOR US THE OFFICIALS IN MY DEPARTMENT AND 
10% FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL LOCAL AND 
FOREIGN EXPENCES INCURRED BY US AND YOU DURING THE 
COURSE OF THIS BUSINESS. UPON THE SUCCESSFUL 
COMPLETION OF THIS TRANSFER, I AND ONE OF MY 
COLLEAGUES WILL COME TO YOUR COUNTRY AND MIND OUR SHARE. IT 
IS FROM OUR 60 % WE INTEND TO IMPORT AGRICULTURAL 
MACHINERIES INTO MY COUNTRY AS A WAY OF RECYCLING THE 
FUND. 
TO COMMENCE THIS TRANSACTION, WE REQUIRE YOU TO 
IMMEDIATELY INDICATE YOUR INTEREST BY A RETURN E-MAIL 
AND ENCLOSE YOUR PRIVATE CONTACT TELEPHONE NUMBER, FAX 
NUMBER FULL NAME AND ADDRESS AND YOUR DESIGNATED 
BANK COORDINATES TO ENABLE US FILE LETTER OF CLAIM TO 
THE APPROPRIATE DEPARTMENTS FOR NECESSARY APPROVALS 
BEFORE THE TRANSFER CAN BE MADE. 

NOTE ALSO, THIS TRANSACTION MUST BE KEPT STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL BECAUSE 
OF IT'S NATURE. 

I LOOK FORWARD TO RECEIVING YOUR PROMPT RESPONSE. 

REGARDS, 

MR. MIKE CHUKWU 
ZENITH INTERNATIONAL BANK PLC . 






</p>

</body></html>