<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr Edward Govou." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br within six banking days, after you apply to the bank as a original relat=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr Edward Govou." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br within six banking days, after you apply to the bank as a original relat=" />
<meta name="creator" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br within six banking days, after you apply to the bank as a original relat=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 no person to aply to receive this fund as the next of kin.this transacti=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;bgovou@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct  4 13:14:32 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;bgovou@zipmail.com.br&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="within six banking days, after you apply to the bank as a original relat=" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br within six banking days, after you apply to the bank as a original relat=" />
<meta name="Author" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1182" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="bgovou@zipmail.com.br" />
<title>From Mr Edward Govou.</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear Sir/Madam,


Compliments of the season. It is indeed my pleasure to write to you this
letter, which I believe you will welcome it . Mr Edward Govou, the manager,credit
and foreign bills of Eco Bank du Benin-Rep.

I am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my bank who perished Eygptian
Air Flight with the whole passengers aboard on 31st oct 1999, Since the
demise of this our customer,I personally as watched with keen interest to
see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim
his fund of $4.250m[Four Million Two Hundred and Fifthy Thousand Dollars
]in a dormant account which has been with my branch for a very long time.

You are advice to receive this fund in to your bank account since there
 no person to aply to receive this fund as the next of kin.this transaction
is LEGAL AND LAGITIMATE.There after I and my collegues will visit your country
for disbursment.All the important document in this will be send to you to
proved.

On this note, I decided to contact you to be the next of kin as no one has
come up as his relation and the paying department has been look for theoriginal
next of kin to the deceased that died. And the country law here does not
allow such money to stay more than Five years, for the money will be recalled
to the gvernment treasury as unclaimed after this period.

Upon the receipt of the required bellow of your information response, I
will send to you the application form in which you fill and aply for the
release the to you,and the bank's contact information regard to this transaction.

I will not fail to bring to your notice that this is 100% free and you should
not entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can be finalized
 within six banking days, after you apply to the bank as a original relation
to the deceased.

There after I will fly down in your country for disbursment according to
the percentages in claiming of the deposits and its transfer to your position,
we shall share the funds in the mutual understanding as we agreed .

When you receive this letter, kindly send me an e- mail signifying your
good decision TO RECEIVE THIS FUND PEACEFULY. And also forward to me the
requied information as to be the original bebeficiary to transfer the fund
in your name and favour .

YOUR FULL NAME.
YOUR ADDRESS.
YOUR BANKING DETAIL INFORMATION WERE YOU WANT THIS FUND TO BE TRASFERED.
YOUR DIRECT MOBILE PHONE/FAX NUMBER FOR COMMUNICATION .


Upon receive all these I forward your information required to the paying
department enable them recorganise you as well i will send to you a text
of application inwhich you will fill and apply for the immediately realsed
of this fund as original NEXT OF KIN.Also I will like you to treat this
transaction with the utmost secrecy because of my position in this bank.
oping for a very successful business relationship and benefit with you.urgently
contact me through the above vai email or at bgovou@hotmail.com


Respectfully submitted,
&gt;From Mr Edward Govou.



------------------------------------------
Use o melhor sistema de busca da Internet
Radar UOL - http://www.radaruol.com.br





</p>

</body></html>