<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200302201554.h1KFs0415398@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANC" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ugonze@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb 20 10:54:09 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ugonze@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200302201554.h1KFs0415398@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANC" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-120" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200302201554.h1KFs0415398@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANC</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

I am Engr. Ugo Nzego with the Engineering Stores Department of the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and 

Natural Resources and member of Tenders Board. We have urgent need for a trustworthy foreign contact 

person with whom we can carry out a successful business deal.

Federal Government has voted the sum of US$1.86 Billion for Local Production of food crops. The Government 

has also considered the impact of the importation of some food items like Rice, Beans, Frozen Chicken and 

Turkeys and other food stuffs on the Nations Foreign Reserve and have banned the importation of the items 

that could be produced locally. As a result, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources has been 

mandated to import Agricultural Equipments for supply to Local Farmers both at SUBSISTENT AND 

COMMERCIAL level to encourage them to produce enough food items for local consumption and for export to 

other African Countries. We have already started awarding new contracts for supply of the equipments to 

successful bidders.

We want you to submit to us immediately your complete company name, address, your name as President or 

Managing Director / CEO of the company, your banking particulars:- (banks name address, telephone,
fax and telex numbers. Your receiving number, swift and routing numbers), with these informations, we can get 

you properly registered as one of the contractors of FMANR who has already been awarded part of this 

contract for the sum of US$113.4 Million to supply some of the Agricultural Equipments parts of which we 

already have in our custody (stores).

After receiving the above needed and stated information from you, we will process all the documentation and 

submit them for immediate approvals and the Federal Government will pay 25% of US$113.4 Million into your 

nominated bank account in the name of your company as the beneficiary, which is US$28.35M . In no time, the 

remaining US$85,050,000.00 Million shall be paid as balance payment or we together in agreement as partners 

will use another foreign firm's name that will carry out the supply of the remaining equipments as a 

sub-contractor to you in our documentation to receive this balance payment.

We shall come to your country immediately this fund is in your account to share the US$28.35 Million. The 

sharing pattern should be negotiated by both parties concerned.

However, be rest assured that no risk is involved or any scandal in the future, for we have done all our 

homework very well, nobody will be hurt during and after this transaction. It may also please you to know
that all the GOODS that cover the 25% payment are on record, only us that are key members of the contract 

board committee has this knowledge and information. There is the serious need to keep this transaction
secret and very confidential. To that effect, I would require your private phone and fax numbers for easy and 

confidential communication. I await  your immediate response to this Proposal. Meanwhile, I look forward to 

establishing life long business relationship with you.

The  nature of your company or business does not necessarily have to be Agriculturally related but ownership of 

a company is a criterium for the project.

Please reply immediately through this fax number 234-9-2726567. As soon as I receive your fax, I will call you 

on phone for detailed discussion.

Best regards,
Engr. Ugo Nzego.





</p>

</body></html>