<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR COPERATION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr.   AHMED   ALI.&quot; &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.   AHMED   ALI. &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aahhaali2@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-10-13T15:50:25Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="aali503h@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="aali503h@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR COPERATION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200410131550.i9DFoVR2003139@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr.   AHMED   ALI.&quot; &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.   AHMED   ALI. &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr.   AHMED   ALI.&quot; &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.   AHMED   ALI. &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-10-13T15:50:25Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-10-13T15:50:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Oct 13 11:50:39 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200410131550.i9DFoVR2003139@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.   AHMED   ALI." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr.   AHMED   ALI.&quot; &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.   AHMED   ALI. &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1191" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.   AHMED   ALI. &lt;aahhaali2@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200410131550.i9DFoVR2003139@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR COPERATION</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello Sir,
I am Mr Ahmed Ali,a member of the Movement For Democratic Change in Zimbabwe... my party is opposed to the Zanu-PF party of the incumbent President Robert Mugabe.I went into a partnership with a white farmer and a buisness man in Zimbabwe and as we progressed in buisness,i bought his ideas and philosophy which made me join the movement for democratic change which is dominated by the whites(of which my colleague is a top member).
We control a greater portion of the white-dominated farms in Zimbabwe and we are major shareholders in major companies in Zimbabwe.The Mugabe government and his political associates are not tolerant with the activities of the movement for demcratic change and he is using indirect guerilla war tactic to oppress the members.
Zimbabwe war veterans invaded our farm and confiscated some of our assets and held us hostage.I managed to escape from their brutality but my buisness partner died on the struggle.He left message that i should sell off all our assets including the farms,estates and the companies ensuring that his family relocates oversea and also to invest the money propperly bearing in mined that the next step of the guerillas will be to confiscate those remaining assets.
I have successfully sold off the remaining portion of our estate , companies and farms after which i managed with the help of the immigration to sneak out of zimbabwe with my friend's family to Dubai,so right now we are in Dubai(UAE).The total sum in our possession at this moment is US$14M(fourteen million) realised from the aution sales of the estate ,farms and companies.The money is secured in a security company.
I got to know you from your country's buisness journal in johannesburg world trade center(WTC)and from my careful analysis i realized that you could assist in this venture.All i want u to do is to make urgent arrangement and come down to Dubai so that you could open a non-resident account which will use in transfering the money into your nominated account overseas for onward investment.
I have two options for you,the first is that you could choose to have a certain agreeable percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction,the other is you could as well go into a joint business partnership with me for proper investment of the fund in your country. Which ever way you want it,feel free to notify me.I have also mapped out %5 of the money for all kinds of expenses incured in the process of the transaction and if you don't prefer joint partnership,i am offering you %20 of the fund while the rest %75 will be for my investment.
Pls contact me immidiately so we can proceed in details.
Email: aali503h@yahoo.co.uk &lt;/ym/Compose?To=aali503h@yahoo.co.uk&gt;
Thank you for your coperation.
Mr. Ahmed Ali. .




</p>

</body></html>