<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Msg from Mrs Atkins" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs At .Reb&quot; &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs At .Reb &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-10-14T05:19:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="reb2009@free.com.pe" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;44863.80.179.242.254.1097731178.squirrel@200.31.96.8&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Msg from Mrs Atkins" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        Thu, 14 Oct 2004 00:19:38 -0500 (PET)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;44863.80.179.242.254.1097731178.squirrel@200.31.96.8&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs At .Reb&quot; &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs At .Reb &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs At .Reb&quot; &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs At .Reb &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-10-14T05:19:38Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 reb_atkins01@cotas.net" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-10-14T05:19:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Oct 14 01:20:28 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt; Thu, 14 Oct 2004 00:19:38 -0500 (PET)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs At .Reb" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs At .Reb&quot; &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs At .Reb &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1192" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs At .Reb &lt;reb2009@free.com.pe&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;44863.80.179.242.254.1097731178.squirrel@200.31.96.8&gt;" />
<title>Msg from Mrs Atkins</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Madam/Sir,
I greet you in the Name of GOD.
I am MRS REBECCA ATKINS from South Africa.
I am married to Late MR SMITH ATKINS of
blessed memory who was an oil explorer in
Kuwait and Brunei for fifteen years before
he died in the year 2000.
We were married for twelve years without a
child. He died after a brief illness that
lasted for only four days. Before his death
we were both devoted to our God and respect
other who serve him.
Since his death, I too have been battling with
both Cancer and fibroid problems. When my late
Husband was alive he Deposited the sum of
$18.5million (Eighteen Million, Five Hundred
thousand U.S Dollars) with a Deposit Company
in Europe.the money is deposited as Family
Valuables/Treasure for security reasons.
Recently, my doctor told me that I have only six
months to live due to my cancer problem, and this
lead to a stroke attack which bother me most though
because I cannot move as I use to.
Having known my condition I decided to entrust this
fund to either a philanthropic organization or
devoted individual that will utilize this money
the way I am going to instructs herein.30% of the
US$18.5million goes to you to ensure that you are
prepared for the task ahead, 60% of this money will
be used in all sincerity to fund philanthropic
organization, orphanages, widows and 5% will go to
the family Attorney who will prepare the Authorisation
and the balance 5% sent to me to at least prepare for
my funeral and off-set my medical bills.
I am taking this decision because I don't have any
child or devoted relations whose behavior has left
much to be desired while I am ill and above all I
don't want a situation where this money will be
used in an UnGodly manner,hence this bold decision.
Since my health is Retrogressing by the minute,
you will have to send your POSTAL ADDRESS, CONTACT
PHONE NUMBER AND FAX and a little details about
yourself, because I got your address from the internet
after a thorough search.
As soon as I receive this information from you I
will make arrangement to prepare the Authorization
through the family Attorney for you to get Possession
of the Deposit. As soon as I receive your reply to my
confidential email address.
                 reb_atkins01@cotas.net
and the authorization is given to you by me, I will
give you the name and  contact of the Deposit company
where the money was Deposited in Europe, for claims
to the consignment.
Until I hear from you, I pray that this letter bring
you and your family good tiding while my dreams to help
humanity rest squarely on your shoulders.
May the Almighty God continue to guide and protect you.

Remain Blessed,
MRS REBECCA ATKINS.
NOTE; All replies should be forwarded to my
confidential email address:
reb_atkins01@cotas.net



-----------------------------------------
Internet gratis en: http://www.free.com.pe
Americatel Internet Free
Tu conexión Free más rápida


</p>

</body></html>