<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM DR.COLSMAN." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.Hilary Colsman&quot;&lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Hilary Colsman &lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.polity.org.za/html/govdocs/pr/2001/pr1003b.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.go.za/projects/procurement/yengeni.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1577682.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.hsf.org.za/focus22/focus22ethics.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.hinduonnet.com/thehindu/2001/10/06/stories/0306000k.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.armsdeal-vpo.co.za/articles00/govt_reserves.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.ifp.org.za/Releases/190303apr.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="leon_bann00@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-10-23T16:28:33Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="leon_bann00@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="leon_bann00@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="leon_bann00@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Dr.Hilary Colsman&quot;&lt;hilcol60@karibu.kenyaweb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="1098548913leon_bann00@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM DR.COLSMAN." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2          for &lt;leon?bann00@tatanova.com&gt;; 23 Oct 2004 17:06:34 -0000" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="1098548913leon_bann00@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.Hilary Colsman&quot;&lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Hilary Colsman &lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.Hilary Colsman&quot;&lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Hilary Colsman &lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-10-23T16:28:33Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-10-23T16:28:33Z" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Perl Mail::Sender Version 0.6.7 Jan Krynicky  &lt;Jenda@Krynicky.cz&gt; Czech Republic" />
<meta name="MboxParser-websites" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Oct 23 12:35:43 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt; for &lt;leon?bann00@tatanova.com&gt;; 23 Oct 2004 17:06:34 -0000" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Hilary Colsman" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.Hilary Colsman&quot;&lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Hilary Colsman &lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:reply-to" content="&quot;Dr.Hilary Colsman&quot;&lt;hilcol60@karibu.kenyaweb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Perl Mail::Sender Version 0.6.7 Jan Krynicky  &lt;Jenda@Krynicky.cz&gt; Czech Republic" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1198" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.Hilary Colsman &lt;leon_bann00@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="1098548913leon_bann00@tatanova.com" />
<title>FROM DR.COLSMAN.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Good day,

Please permit me to contact you through this medium. My name is 
Dr.Hilary Colsman, solicitor to the great Yengeni family in South Africa.
Recently, my client's wife Mrs. Susan Yengeni took my attention to the 
wide use of her husband's name by some impersonators/Scam artist to defraud 
foreigners, claiming to be related to the family. Incase you had received such 
email before now, from anyone else, please ignore the email and desist from 
it now. She also revealed to me about her husband's funds that is been 
deposited in a bank in my country.
For your information: Her husband, Mr. Tony Yengeni was arrested and 
charged to court for a multibillion dollar arms deal fraud, which was 
politically motivated by his enemies as her husband was the chairman of parliament 
in South Africa and the former chief whip of the ruling political party. 
We had pleaded guilty in exchange for his acquittal on corruption charges 
but were later convicted on trumped-up charges. This led to his bank 
accounts in my bank and abroad being frozen.
Now, as a matter of urgency, we need your assistance in the remittance 
of the discovered funds abroad. The funds are currently deposited with a 
bank in South Africa, which I will disclose to you upon my receipt of your 
favorable response and consent in this deal.
The amount is US$22.5 Million United States Dollars, which was deposited 
by Mr. Tony Yengeni before his arrest. At the moment, the account is on 
Dormancy, because no one has been operating the said account since his arrest. 
All the account details and documents where also brought to me by his wife. 
I hope you understand.
You can find more about her husband?s predicaments at the following 
websites:
http://www.polity.org.za/html/govdocs/pr/2001/pr1003b.html
http://www.go.za/projects/procurement/yengeni.htm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1577682.stm
http://www.hsf.org.za/focus22/focus22ethics.html
http://www.hinduonnet.com/thehindu/2001/10/06/stories/0306000k.htm
http://www.armsdeal-vpo.co.za/articles00/govt_reserves.html
http://www.ifp.org.za/Releases/190303apr.htm

Let me assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free. From my 
discussion with her, she has agreed to give you a reasonable percentage of the 
money for your assistance, which will be negotiated and agreed on by both 
sides. I am obliged to assist this lady knowing that she has a limited 
knowledge in the business world. 
I will need from you a mutual understanding and then we shall make plans 
of how the funds would be secured into an account in your name.
More so, Thanks and God bless you for your understanding. Please do not 
forget to email me your private telephone number so that I can give you a call 
to discuss this matter if you are interested in this proposal.
Awaiting your reply via email.

Best regards.

Dr. Hilary Colsman



</p>

</body></html>