<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="No -- Hits: 4.915  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_00,DEAR_SOMETHING,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,SUBJECT_DRUG_GAP_VA,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//newsfromrussia.com/main/2003/11/13/51215.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//abbonati.tiscali.it/adsl/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kimaeva04@tiscali.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@E&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="No -- Hits: 4.915  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="PLEASE REPLY TO THIS MAIL kimaeva@k.ro." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kimaeva2004@k.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_00,DEAR_SOMETHING,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,SUBJECT_DRUG_GAP_VA,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kimaeva2004@k.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	for &lt;R@K&gt;; Fri, 22 Oct 2004 00:47:28 -0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Oct 22 00:47:35 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt; for &lt;R@K&gt;; Fri, 22 Oct 2004 00:47:28 -0400" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1204" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kimaeva04@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-ceo" content="YUKOS OIL (Russian Largest Oil Company) Chairman CEO: Menatep SBP Ba=" />
<title>MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear sir/madam,

I am Ms. KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA, a personal secretary to Mikhail Khodorkovsky
the richest man in Russia and owner of the following companies: Chairman
CEO: YUKOS OIL (Russian Largest Oil Company) Chairman CEO: Menatep SBP Bank
(A well reputable financial institution with its branches all over the world).
I seek your partnership to accommodate the sum US$423M for us.

My Boss got arrested for his involvement on politics in financing the leading
and opposing political parties (the Union of Right Forces, led by Boris
Nemtsov, and Yabloko, a liberal/social democratic party led by Gregor Yavlinsky)
which posed treat to President Vladimir Putin second tenure as Russian president
before he was reelected On March 14, 2004. You can catch more of the story
on this

http://newsfromrussia.com/main/2003/11/13/51215.html

The fund (US$423M) in question was approved by the Government of Russia
for payment of various YUKOS OIL contractors/suppliers to prevent them from
loosing the money they invested in the numerous contracts they executed
for the above firm. The Government had already concluded plans to frozen
all the accounts in my boss name (Mikhail Khodorkovsky) both corporate and
personal before I connived with the Accountant General of YUKOS OIL (who
is also my partner in this transaction) to raise a memo stating that YUKOS
OIL owe contractors the above amount which was finally approved for payment
after some deliberations. Actually, we have paid all our contractors both
local and foreign because they agitated for their payment when they had
that my boss was arrested.

YOUR ROLE:

I will present you / your company as one of the contractors we are owing
so that you can stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum or part
of the fund according to your financial strength or the strength of your
company. I will arrange for the documentation which the payee bank will
need to transfer the sum to you. I have decided to use this sum to relocate
to American continent and never to be connected to any of Mikhail Khodorkovsky
conglomerates. The transaction has to be concluded before as soon as possible.
You will be rewarded with 10% of the total sum for your partnership. Can
you be our partner on this transacton?

As soon as I get your willingness to assist us in this deal, I will give
you more details. Thank you very much .

NOTE: PLEASE REPLY TO THIS MAIL kimaeva@k.ro.

Regards

MS.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA


__________________________________________________________________
Tiscali Adsl 2 Mega Free: naviga gratis tutto l'anno!
Supera tutti i limiti di velocita' con Tiscali Adsl 2 Mega Free.
Sei libero da costi fissi e, se ti abboni entro l'8 novembre,
navighi gratis tutto l'anno.
http://abbonati.tiscali.it/adsl/





</p>

</body></html>