<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[212.52.156.162]" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;omaru aminu&quot; &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="omaru aminu &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-10-25T12:15:57Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F22bmLng8FSZD0001c4e6@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="25 Oct 2004 12:16:04.0239 (UTC) FILETIME=[65FB91F0:01C4BA8C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	Mon, 25 Oct 2004 12:15:57 GMT" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F22bmLng8FSZD0001c4e6@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;omaru aminu&quot; &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="omaru aminu &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;omaru aminu&quot; &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="omaru aminu &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-10-25T12:15:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-10-25T12:15:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="25 Oct 2004 12:16:04.0239 (UTC) FILETIME=[65FB91F0:01C4BA8C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 25 08:16:19 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt; Mon, 25 Oct 2004 12:15:57 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="omaru aminu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;omaru aminu&quot; &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="omaru aminu &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[212.52.156.162]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1205" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="omaru aminu &lt;omaru_aminu3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F22bmLng8FSZD0001c4e6@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MR OMARU AMINU,
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT.
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
INTERNATIONAL BANK OF AFRICA
OUAGADOUGOU,
BURKINA FASO.




Sir,
I am MR OMARU AMINU,the director,in charge of Auditing and Accounting 
section of International Bank of Africa Ouagadougou Burkina faso,in West 
Africa in due respect and regards.I have decided to contact you on a 
business transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end 
of the transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in the bank, my department came across 
a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person, a foreigner who 
died on november 2000  in a plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his 
account with the bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either 
from his family or relation before our discovery to this development.

Although personally,i kept this information secret within myself and 
partners to enable the whole plans and idea be profitable and successful 
during the time of execution.The said amount was USD$14m (fourteen million 
united states dollars). As it may intrest you to know, I got your contact 
through international business enquiry on internet.

I believe you will be viable and capable to champion a business of such 
magnitude without any problem. Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put 
claim over this fund as the bona fide next of kin to the deceased, get the 
required approval and transfer this money to a foreign account has been put 
in place and directives/needed information will be relayed to you as soon as 
you indicate your interest and willingness to assist us and also benefit 
your self to this great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant,we are not allowed to operate a foreign account 
and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of 
transfer because I work in this bank.This is the actual reason why it will 
require a second party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of kin 
with affidavit of trust of Oath to the bank and also present a foreign 
account where he will need the money to be re-transfered into on his request 
as it may be, after due verification and clarification by designated bank 
account.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On 
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 10% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer such as telephone bills 
etc, while 60% will be for me and my partners. Please,you have been advised 
to keep top secret as we are still in service and intend to retire from 
service after we conclude this deal with you. I will be monitoring the whole 
situation here in the bank until you confirm the money in your account.And 
ask us to come down to your country for subsequent sharing of the fund 
according to percentages previously indicated and further investment,either 
in your country or any other country you may advice us to invest in.All 
other necessary information will be sent to you when I hear from you.I 
suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish in this 
deal.

Yours faithfully,
MR OMARU AMINU.

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.com/



</p>

</body></html>