<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-nuber" content="233-244-514-523 for an oral clarification and detailings." />
<meta name="subject" content="MUTUAL PROJECT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/travel/competitions/brilliant_weekends.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+ 233-244-514-523" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MUTUAL PROJECT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk " />
<meta name="creator" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 ACCRA-GHANA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Oct 26 15:26:04 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk&gt; TRUST SECURITY COMPANY LTD" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. SOLOMON ADJEI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk " />
<meta name="Author" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1207" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="solomonadjei24@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-below:(http" content="//www.cnn.com/us/9911/02/egyptair990.list/index.html)  He die=" />
<title>MUTUAL PROJECT</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:    MR. SOLOMON ADJEI
              TRUST SECURITY COMPANY LTD
              ACCRA-GHANA
TEL:     + 233-244-514-523

Dear Friend,

My name is Mr Solomon Adjei, I work in executive capacity with TRUST SECURITY
COMPANY (ltd) Accra Ghana. I joined the services of this company in 1991.
I got the information concerning you and your company from our Chamber of
Commerce here and after due consultation, I decided to contact you believing
that by the grace of God that you will be my partner in this business.

I have worked with this company for over 12 years, within this period of
time I watched with meticulous precision onhow African Head of State and
government functionarieshave been moving huge sums of money (Dollars, PoundSterling,
French Franc, Cash)with the aid of their foreign partners abroad. They bring
in these consignment of money cash and secretly declare the content as jewelries,
Gold, Precious Stones, Family Treasure, Documents,etc. Mobutu Sese Seko
of Zaire, Fodey Sankoy of Sierra Leone, Felix Houphet Buigny of Ivory Coast,
Konnan Bede of Ivory Coast, etc.

These people have at one time or the other deposited consignments with us
and their foreign partners, relatives and Next of Kin are Claiming most
of these consignment and a lot more are laying here unclaimed for as much
as 7 years, as no available information to anybody except the depositors,
and most of them are dead. Since the inception of the year 2003, TRUST SECURITY
COMPANY LTD Management changed the procedure of claiming of consignments.

As soon as you are able to produce all the secret information as contained
in the secret file of the company as regard the consignment, it will be
released to you upon demand. From our records, more than 10 consignments
belonging to these people has been claimed in the past six months and this
is why I am seeking for your co-operation and assistance.

Mr. Martin Greenberg was an American,he worked with one of the top ministers
of President Robert Mugabe who was in charge of the campaigning for re-electing
Mr. Mugabe into office in their last election. He deposited this consignment
containing 35.5 million United State Dollars ($35.5m USD)early in 1999,
this money according to him was to be used for further political programmes.
He died in the plane crash of 31 October 1999 with the Wife (on the Egyptian
990) with reports on CNN as you can verify via the CNN website as state
below:(http://www.cnn.com/us/9911/02/egyptair990.list/index.html)  He died
alongside with other passengers aboard without leaving any relations as
his wife died as well in the same plane crash.

Since his death, no one knows about this transaction with TRUST SECURITY
COMPANY ltd except me who acted
as company attorney when he deposited the consignment. I have finished every
arrangement for you to come and claim the consignment as the next of Kin
Mr.MARTIN GREENBERG. The procedure is very simple: - Apply officially to
the Director of operation Trust security company Ltd Accra - Ghana, for
the release of consignment No.TSC/15031964. They will demand for some documents
and the security code of the consignment, you will call on me to supply
you with every detailed Information as regard the consignment.

As soon as they have confirmed it to be correct, the company will invite
you for the collection. Nobody will ever know that I am involved in the
deal, I suggest upon conclusion, we share it on the Ratio of 50%-40%and
10% will go for humanitarian service ie, motherless babies home, more also
you will make an arrangement on investments that I will invest my money
in your country.

I assure you that this business is very secure and risk free. Plese, if
you are interested on this proposal, kindly let me know to ebable me know
my stand  and hope on you. you are advise to contact me through my telephone
nuber: 233-244-514-523 for an oral clarification and detailings.

Thanks

Mr Solomon Adjei




__________________________________________________________________
Win 12 amazing weekend breaks, one every month for a year to Dublin, Milan,
the Alps, Paris and beyond

http://www.tiscali.co.uk/travel/competitions/brilliant_weekends.html





</p>

</body></html>