<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authentication-Warning" content="servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt using -f" />
<meta name="subject" content="My Compliment" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. Rasheed S. Abubakar," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Rasheed Abubakar &lt;rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-01T15:19:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-ipaddress" content="81.199.108.8" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-IPAddress" content="81.199.108.8" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="My Compliment" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authentication-warning" content="servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt using -f" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411011519.iA1FJes01263@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. Rasheed S. Abubakar," />
<meta name="creator" content="Rasheed Abubakar &lt;rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. Rasheed S. Abubakar," />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Rasheed Abubakar &lt;rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-01T15:19:40Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-01T15:19:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="NeoMail 1.22" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov  1 10:46:40 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411011519.iA1FJes01263@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Rasheed Abubakar" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. Rasheed S. Abubakar," />
<meta name="Author" content="Rasheed Abubakar &lt;rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="NeoMail 1.22" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1217" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Rasheed Abubakar &lt;rasheedsabubakar@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411011519.iA1FJes01263@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<title>My Compliment</title>
</head>
<body><p>
From: Dr. Rasheed S. Abubakar,

Dear Friend,

My Compliment to you,

I guess this letter may come to you as a surprise since I had no 
previous correspondence with you.

I am sending you this mail on behalf of the chairman tender board of 
Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) MR. SETTLEY DAZE. We 
got your contact in our search for a reliable person to handle a very 
confidential transaction involving the transfer of Forty Nine Million, 
Five Hundred Thosand United States Dollars US$49.5Million.

The above fund is not connected with arms, drugs or money laundering. 
It is the product of an over invoiced Contract awarded in 2001 by INEC 
to a foreign company for the construction of high rise estate in the 
federal capital territory.

The contract has long been executed and payment of the actual contract 
amount has been paid to the foreign contractor leaving the balance, 
which my colleague and I now want to transfer out of Nigeria into a 
reliable foreign account for our personal use.

As civil servants we are not allowed to run foreign accounts. Hence we 
have chosen you to front and support us as the beneficiary to be paid. 
If you are interested in the proposal kindly get back to me by sending 
me your letter of acceptance along with your direct telephone and fax 
numbers, For your support and partnership, please reply me to negotiate 
your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive 
your bank account. 

Further details about this transaction will be discussed in the 
subsequent correspondence. Note also that the particular nature of your 
business is irrelevant to this transaction and all local contacts and 
arrangements are in place for a smooth and successful conclusion of 
this transaction.

Be informed that we are aware of the way email proposals of this type 
are being sent from this part of africa and as regards that, you should 
please treat this with utmost attention knowing fully well that you 
cannot and will not be compelled to assist us if you are not disposed 
to.

Contact me via my email account or you also reach me on this email 
account she_rashabubakar@yahoo.com with your contact telephone and fax 
numbers on response, I will call you for a discussion.

Thank you as I await your response.

Sincerely,


Dr. Rasheed S. Abubakar.
 


</p>

</body></html>