<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailman-Version" content="2.1.3" />
<meta name="subject" content="Mead post from semassaq@netscape.net requires approval" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mead@si.UM" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mead@si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-List-Administrivia" content="yes" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-list-administrivia" content="yes BUSINESS DEMANDS AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY THE TRUST AND CONFIDENCE WH=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-BeenThere" content="mead@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="===============0969849881==" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mead post from semassaq@netscape.net requires approval" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;mailman.1457.1099437680.12568.mead@lists.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;mailman.1457.1099437680.12568.mead@lists.si.UM&gt; STRONG DESIRE TO SOLICIT YOUR ASSISTANCE ON THIS MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL AND =" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mead-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-To" content="mead-owner@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-02T23:21:20Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-02T23:21:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Precedence" content="bulk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Delivered-To" content="mead-owner@lists.si.UM	Tue,  2 Nov 2004 18:21:20 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov  2 18:21:35 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM POSITIVE RESPONSE." />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="mead-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mead-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="Author" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;mailman.1457.1099437680.12568.mead@lists.si.UM&gt; STRONG DESIRE TO SOLICIT YOUR ASSISTANCE ON THIS MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL AND =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-errors-to" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mead-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-02T23:21:20Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM for &lt;mead@si.UM&gt;; Tue,  2 Nov 2004 18:21:19 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mead@si.UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="mead-owner@lists.si.UM From:    semassaq@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="mead@si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-beenthere" content="mead@lists.si.UM OFFSHORE ACCOUNT THAT YOU HAVE TOTAL CONTROL OVER,YOUR AREA OF SPECIALISA=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Errors-To" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;SESAY MASSAQUOE.&quot; &lt;semassaq@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-precedence" content="bulk TO FREEZE ALL MY TREASURES DEPOSITED IN SOME EUROPEAN COUNTRIES,HENCE I A=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-list-id" content="&lt;mead.lists.si.UM&gt; YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="mead-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="creator" content="mead-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 List:    Mead@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt; Tue,  2 Nov 2004 18:21:20 -0500 (EST) Reason:  Post by non-member to a members-only list" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;semassaq1@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 for &lt;mead@si.UM&gt;; Tue, 2 Nov 2004 18:21:21 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailman-version" content="2.1.3 WE NOW PLAN TO SETTLE." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1219" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:List-Id" content="&lt;mead.lists.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="mead-owner@lists.si.UM Subject: HELP PLEASE." />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="mead@si.UM" />
<title>Mead post from semassaq@netscape.net requires approval</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>As list administrator, your authorization is requested for the
following mailing list posting:

    List:    Mead@lists.si.UM
    From:    semassaq@netscape.net
    Subject: HELP PLEASE.
    Reason:  Post by non-member to a members-only list

At your convenience, visit:

    http://lists.si.UM/mailman/admindb/mead
        
to approve or deny the request.
</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM MR.SESAY MASSAQUOE.
PLEASE RESPOND TO MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADDRESS....&gt;sesmassa@di-ve.com
DEAR FRIEND,
THROUGH THE COURTESY OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, I TAKE LIBERTY ANCHORED ON A STRONG DESIRE TO SOLICIT YOUR ASSISTANCE ON THIS MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL AND RISKFREE TRANSACTION WHICH I HOPE YOU WILL GIVE YOUR URGENT ATTENTION.
I AM MR.SESAY MASSAQUOE  I AM MOVED TO WRITE YOU THIS LETTER ,THIS WAS IN CONFIDENCE CONSIDERING OUR PRESENT CIRCUMSTANCE AND SITUATION.
I ESCAPED WITH MY WIFE AND CHILDREN  OUT OF SIERRA- LEONE TO UNITED KINDOM THROUGH THE AID OF THE UNITED NATIONS EVACUATION TEAM WHERE WE ARE NOW PRESENTLY RESIDING  ON TEMPORARY POLITICAL ASYLUM.
HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION I DECIDED TO CHANGE MOST OF MY BILLIONS OF DOLLARS DEPOSITED IN SWISS BANK AND OTHER COUNTRIES INTO OTHER FORMS OF MONEY CODED FOR SAFE PURPOSE BECAUSE THE NEW HEAD OF STATES  AHMED TEJAN KABBA MADE ARRANGEMENTS WITH THE SWISS GOVERNMENT AND OTHER EUROPEAN COUNTRIES TO FREEZE ALL MY TREASURES DEPOSITED IN SOME EUROPEAN COUNTRIES,HENCE I AND MY WIFE  ALONG WITH MY CHILDREN, DECIDED LAYING LOW IN A TEMPOERY POLITICAL ASYLUM CAMP HERE IN THE UNITED KINGDOM TO STUDY THE SITUATION TILL WHEN THINGS GETS BETTER,SINCE PRESIDENT TEJAN KABBA TAKING OVER GOVERNMENT AGAIN IN SIERRA-LEONE ONE OF MY  CHATEAUX IN SOUTHERN FRANCE WAS CONFISCATED BY THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT,AND AS SUCH WE HAD TO CHANGE OUR IDENTITY SO THAT OUR INVESTMENT WILL NOT BE TRACED AND CONFISCATED.
I HAVE DEPOSITED THE SUM OF THIRTY MILLION,FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS(US$30,500,000)WITH A SECURITY COMPANY FOR SAFEKEEPING.
THE FUNDS ARE SECURITY CODED TO PREVENT THEM FROM KNOWING THE ACTUAL CONTENTS.
WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO NOW IS TO INDICATE YOUR INTEREST THAT YOU WILL ASSIST ME AND MY IMMEDIATE FAMILY BY RECEIVING THE MONEY ON OUR BEHALF.
THE ACCOUNT REQUIRED FOR THIS PROJECT CAN EITHER BE PERSONAL,COMPANY OR AN OFFSHORE ACCOUNT THAT YOU HAVE TOTAL CONTROL OVER,YOUR AREA OF SPECIALISATION WILL NOT BE A HINDERANCE TO THE SUCCESSFUL EXECUTION OF THIS TRANSACTION.
ACKOWLEDGE THIS MESSAGE,SO THAT I CAN INTRODUCE YOU TO MY FAMILY AS OUR FOREIGN TRUSTED PARTNER WHO SHALL TAKE CHARGE OF OUR INVESTMENT ABROAD WHERE WE NOW PLAN TO SETTLE.
I WANT YOU TO ASSIST US IN INVESTING THIS MONEY,BUT I WILL NOT WANT OUR IDENTITY REVEALED.I WILL ALSO WANT TO BUY PROPERTIES AND STOCKS IN MULTI-NATIONAL COMPANIES AND TO ENGAGE IN OTHER SAFE AND NON SPECULATIVE INVESTMENTS.
WE HAVE BEEN THROUGH A LOT OF HEALTH AND SPIRITUAL TURMOIL,HENCE WILL NEED YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND ASSISTANCE.
MAY I AT THIS POINT EMPHASIZE THE HIGH LEVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY WHICH THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY THE TRUST AND CONFIDENCE WHICH WE REPOSE IN YOU.I SHALL PUT YOU IN THE PICTURE OF THIS BUSINESS,I.E TELL YOU WHERE THE FUNDS ARE CURRENTLY BEING MAINTAINED AND ALSO DISCUSS OTHER MODALITIES INCLUDING REMUNERATION FOR YOUR SERVICES.
I SHALL INFORM YOU WITH  THE NEXT LINE OF ACTION AS SOON AS I RECEIVE YOUR POSITIVE RESPONSE.
IS THIS PROPOSITION ATTAINABLE?IF IT IS,PLEASE KINDLY FURNISH ME IMMEDIATELY BY E-MAIL WITH YOUR DIRECT TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS TO ENHANCE THE CONFIDENTIALLITY WHICH THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS.
PLEASE REPLY TO MY PERSONAL EMAIL ADDRESS............&gt;sesmassa@di-ve.com
BEST REGARDS

MR.SESAY MASSAQUOE.
</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p><p>If you reply to this message, keeping the Subject: header intact,
Mailman will discard the held message.  Do this if the message is
spam.  If you reply to this message and include an Approved: header
with the list password in it, the message will be approved for posting
to the list.  The Approved: header can also appear in the first line
of the body of the reply.</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>