<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;OKOFOR DAVID&quot; &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="OKOFOR DAVID &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/02/03/lagos.explosion/index.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/WORLD/9708/06/guam.passenger.list/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="okofor7@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="okofor7@tiscali.dk " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="okofor7@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot; " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="okofor7@tiscali.dk " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="okofordavid2002@yahoo.co.uk " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="okofordavid2002@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	(envelope-from okofor7@tiscali.dk)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;OKOFOR DAVID&quot; &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="OKOFOR DAVID &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;OKOFOR DAVID&quot; &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="OKOFOR DAVID &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov  5 05:05:42 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt; (envelope-from okofor7@tiscali.dk) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="OKOFOR DAVID" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;OKOFOR DAVID&quot; &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="OKOFOR DAVID &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1223" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="OKOFOR DAVID &lt;okofor7@tiscali.dk&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>
FROM THE DESK OF OKOFOR DAVID
Branch Accounts Manager,
Prudent Bank Nigeria Limited,
Falomo Office Complex,
Ikoyo, Lagos.
Nigeria.

DEAR FRIEND,

On SUNDAY, February 2, 2003, a bomb blast explosion took place on the Lagos
Island, right inside My bank; So far a total lost of about US$20.5 million
has been recorded, this includes both cash and property of the bank. Please
View the Link below:

http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/02/03/lagos.explosion/index.html

However as the Accounts Manager of the BANK,I discovered Most of our Data
on accounts has been lost as well, as there has not been anyback up or network
trace even from the HEADQUARTERS;therefore all losses would be artributed
to the! Explosion. The lagos State Government has taken charges to pay for
all losses.

I found out i still have Data's of foreign Customers who are contractors
in Nigeria and who own accounts with the Branch, Particularly that of an
American oil contractor Hsu Ben, who was reported Dead in a plane crash[Korean
Air Flight 801] with the whole passengers  aboard on August  6,1997.And
for your  perusal you can view this website:

http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9708/06/guam.passenger.list/

who's contract payments has been Made and would be tranfered to his foreign
accounts from the CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA, upon our confirmation of his
foreign designated account as well as a beneficiary to his funds and payments.


Mr Hsu Ben, while our customer never left a trace of his next of kin, and
His contract Payment which is about US$15M, would be made to no one as we(
the bank) has! none of his Data/next of kin's contact.

My proposal is that I will like you as a foriegner to stand in as the next
of kin to Mr Hsu Ben,  so that the fruits of this old man's labor will not
get into the hands of some corrupt government officials, Besides the Bank
which i work in has been blown up, i have no Job for now, i have to make
a living and only me knows the information so far about this.

This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and
address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits
which will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall employ the service
of an Attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the
necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favour
for the transfer.

A bank account in any part of the world which you will provide will then
facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of
kin. The money will be paid into your account as payment for his Contract
by t! he CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA upon my submission of the Contract information
and your application as his next of kin for us to share in the ratio of
70% for me, 20% for you and 10% will be use to cover all the expensives
that will come-up in the course of this transaction.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be
done by the Attorney and my position as the Branch Accounts Manager guarantees
the successful execution of this transaction.

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please observe
utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be
most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to
invest my share in your country.

Your phone and fax number are need for easy communication.

Awaiting your urgent response.
Your Faithfully.
MR. OKOFOR DAVID









</p>

</body></html>