<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR CONSIGNMENT DEPARTURE TODAY'S MORNING" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR CONSIGNMENT DEPARTURE TODAY'S MORNING" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="creator" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;peterbello@wooow.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="YOU CONTRACTOR " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov  5 07:03:12 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;peterbello@wooow.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="Author" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1224" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="peterbello@wooow.it" />
<title>YOUR CONSIGNMENT DEPARTURE TODAY'S MORNING</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN:YOU CONTRACTOR 

Dear Sir,

Sequel to the secretive arrangement in regards of the shipment of your contract
sum, I wish to inform you that all necessary modalities have been automatically
concluded and have left Nigeria to London via your Country today by Express
Cargo Flight.

Note carefully the content of the crate is "MONEY" but I did not disclose
it to the Courier Services as Money, rather I informed them that the crate
contain Vital "DIPLOMATIC DOCUMENTS" belonging to my client (that?s you).
Furthermore, the weight of the consignment is 90kg but I manage to pay 45kg,

which cost US$9,000.00. On no account should you disclose the content of
the crate with the Diplomatic Courier Services for fear of betrayal. So do
not allow them to know that the content is money.

In the meantime, contact the Global Trust Dipomatic Courier Services to the
Attn. Edy Smithkline on Tel: 44-77-46065722 or Email :g_s1@o2.pl to know
the actual situation with the consignment and also give them your address
where the consignment will be delivered and then get back to me as soon as
possible so that I can give you the shipment document.
Meanwhile, I will be coming over to your country immediately the consignment
arrives in your Country for my 10% share.

Please update me as you contact the Global Trust Diplomatic Courier Services
for more details you may need from me.

Congrats and remain blessed.
Best Regards,

Yours faithfully,
Dr. PETER BELLO





</p>

</body></html>