<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="IMPORTANT NOTICE!!!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/502503.stm" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Amir Ebrahimi &quot; &lt;amir_04@educacao.te.pt&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-05T14:24:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="amir_04@educacao.te.pt" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="amir_04@educacao.te.pt " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="amir_04@educacao.te.pt " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-ipaddress" content="81.134.37.121" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="amirebrahimi@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authentication-warning" content="servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to amir_04@educacao.te.pt using -f " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411051424.iA5EOfg16776@servicos.te.pt&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Amir Ebrahimi &quot; &lt;amir_04@educacao.te.pt&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Amir Ebrahimi &quot; &lt;amir_04@educacao.te.pt&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-05T14:24:42Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-05T14:24:42Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="NeoMail 1.22" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov  5 10:16:54 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Amir Ebrahimi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Amir Ebrahimi &quot; &lt;amir_04@educacao.te.pt&gt; " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1225" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411051424.iA5EOfg16776@servicos.te.pt&gt; " />
<title></title>
</head>
<body><p>X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.2
Date: Fri, 5 Nov 2004 14:24:42 GMT
Message-Id: &lt;200411051424.iA5EOfg16776@servicos.te.pt&gt;
X-Authentication-Warning: servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to amir_04@educacao.te.pt using -f
From: "Amir Ebrahimi " &lt;amir_04@educacao.te.pt&gt;
To: amir_04@educacao.te.pt
Reply-To: amirebrahimi@virgilio.it
Subject: IMPORTANT NOTICE!!!
X-Mailer: NeoMail 1.22
X-IPAddress: 81.134.37.121
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Status: RO

FIRST MERIT BANK 
SWINDON,UNITED KINGDOM


Dear Partner 
PRIVATE AND URGENT. 
 
I am Mr Amir Ebrahimi, and I am  contacting you on
business transfer of a huge sum of money from a
deceased account. Though I know that a transaction of
this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and
worried, but I am assuring you that all will be well
at the end of the day. I decided to contact you due to
the urgency of this transaction. 
 
PROPOSITION; 
I am the account officer to Mr Abdullah Saleh (deceased)
one of our foreign customers. While he banked with us,
I oversaw his accounts and other official/financial
obligations as my office demanded being his accounts
officer.Unfortunately, he died along with his entire
family in the plane crash of 31 October, 1999 on board
the Egyptian Airline 990 alonside other passengers.
Please consult the British Broadcasting Corporation website
below for verification. 
 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/502503.stm
 
While he was alive, none of his family members was
ever known to me other than his immediate nuclear
family.Since his death, none of his next-of-kin or
relations has come forward to lay claims to this money
as the heir. I cannot release the fund from his
account unless someone applies for claim as the
next-of-kin to the deceased as indicated in our
banking guidelines. 
Having made a very  exhaustive search for
any family member that would lay claim to this fund, I
decided to take my chance with you.I now seek your
permission to have you stand as next of kin to the
deceased as I have all documentations including his
certified Death Certificate that will facilitate your
stand as next of kin to him as he had a closing
balanced of 5,500,000.00 Five million five hundred 
thousand British pounds sterling) here in
our bank in united kingdom. I also have secured from the
probate an order of mandamus to locate any member of
deceased family to become beneficiary of this fund. 
Please acknowledge receipt of this message in
acceptance of our mutual business endeavour by
furnishing me with the following; 
1. Full name and address 
2. Direct Telephone and fax numbers 
These requirements will enable me make some internal
re-adjustments and file your name in form A2ag and
other vital forms as next of kin which before now was
left blank by the deceased upon opening of the account
six years ago. Upon your reply, I will advice the way
forward. I must assure you that if you are serious and
follow my lead religiously, then this funds will be
released to you within a seven-working-day period.
If this proposal is acceptable by you, do not take
undue advantage of the trust I have bestowed in you, I
await your urgent mail. 
Please reply 
 
Regards, 
Mr.Amir Ebrahimi
 

 
 


</p>

</body></html>