<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authentication-Warning" content="servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to morgen_best@jovem.te.pt using -f" />
<meta name="subject" content="Admin.Dept." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Morgen Best&quot; &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Morgen Best &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-10T00:55:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="morgen_best@jovem.te.pt" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-ipaddress" content="80.179.254.188" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mogenbest1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-IPAddress" content="80.179.254.188" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mogenbest1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Admin.Dept." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authentication-warning" content="servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to morgen_best@jovem.te.pt using -f" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411100055.iAA0tS104425@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Morgen Best&quot; &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Morgen Best &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Morgen Best&quot; &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Morgen Best &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-10T00:55:29Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-10T00:55:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="NeoMail 1.22" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov  9 20:14:18 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt; Dr.Morgen Akin Best" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411100055.iAA0tS104425@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Morgen Best" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Morgen Best&quot; &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Morgen Best &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="NeoMail 1.22" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1238" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Morgen Best &lt;morgen_best@jovem.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411100055.iAA0tS104425@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<title>Admin.Dept.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
 Dr.Morgen Akin Best
Lagos-Africa

Dear Friend,
I, on behalf of my colleagues from the Federal Government of Nigeria 
owned parastatals decided to solicit your assistance as regards 
transfer of US$21,500,000.00 (Twenty-one Million, five Hundred Thousand 
US Dollars) into your bank account. These funds emanated from unclaimed 
contractual proceeds of foreign contracting firms who could not meet 
their financial obligations to their creditors. We, as holders of 
sensitive positions in our various parastatals, were mandated by the 
Federal Government to scrutinize all payments made to certain Foreign 
contractors and we discovered that some of the contractors have not 
been paid their contractual entitlement which collectively left the sum 
of US$35,500,000.00 (Thirty-Five Million, five Hundred Thousand US 
Dollars) lying in a suspended Account.
However, from our investigations, we discovered that the foreign 
beneficiary companies have since been liquidated, and to all intents 
and purposes no longer exist in Nigeria, thus providing us with this 
Opportunity, provided that we have a capable partner, to execute a 
transaction of this nature. We agreed that the said amount would be 
transferred into an overseas Bank Account to be provided by a Reliable 
foreign firm/associate. This is because as serving Government workers 
the Civil Service Code does not allow us to operate foreign Account. In 
our initial attempt to do this, we succeeded in transferring part of 
this amount US$14m (Fourteen Million Dollars) into a
United States Dollar Account in Beirut, Lebanon, but our foreign 
associate failed to honour our mutual agreement insisting instead that 
the total amount be transferred into the Account before we can share 
the money.
As a result, we have lost confidence in the ability of our Lebanese 
partner to see this matter to its logical conclusion, and until the 
initial transaction is satisfactorily resolved, we have cancelled 
further transactions with him. In the light of the foregoing, it is 
clear that we require a partner that is not only capable of rendering 
assistance and cooperation in executing this matter, but will honour 
the terms of agreement when we reach the concluding stages of this 
transaction. We therefore offer the amount of 20% of the entire sum
in return for services/assistance rendered in successfully carrying out 
this project. We trust that you appreciate the sensitive nature of this 
matter and the need for initial caution on our part, but when a 
Relationship is confidently established and operations commence you 
will be provided with all relevant information.
I remain at your disposal to entertain any questions/enquiries relating 
to this proposition and you may contact me as a matter of urgency via e-
mail, for further information on the procedures and requirements of 
this transaction. In your reply, remember to indicate a safe telephone 
number where I can always reach you. Hope to hear from you soon. Please 
treat with the strictest confidentiality and expediency.
Yours faithfully,
Dr.Morgen Akin Best



</p>

</body></html>