<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-dir" content="" />
<meta name="subject" content="CAN YOU BE SINCERE?" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt; Kind Regards" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-10T13:24:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lilesong56@3xl.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-args" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Primary Hostname - socrates.neosurge.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Original Domain - si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [65534 65534] / [26 6]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Sender Address Domain - socrates.neosurge.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CAN YOU BE SINCERE?" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1CRsSu-0004Zf-Ev@socrates.neosurge.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt; Kind Regards" />
<meta name="creator" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt; Kind Regards" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-10T13:24:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 bank. So, Nineteen millions Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it, What bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years and 6 month the funds will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.Against thisbackdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Colonel Sadiq Uday so that you will be able to receive his funds." />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-10T13:24:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nobody@socrates.neosurge.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Primary Hostname - socrates.neosurge.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Original Domain - si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [65534 65534] / [26 6]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Sender Address Domain - socrates.neosurge.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Dir" content=" " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 10 08:26:30 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nobody@socrates.neosurge.com&gt; I am Mr. Li Le Song credit officer of the Foriegn operations dept of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd,Taikoo Shing Branch.I have a obscured business suggestion for you.Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client Colonel sadiq uday who was with the Iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months, with a value of Nineteen millions Five Hundred Thousand United state Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity several notice was sent to him, even during the war early this year. Again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him. We later find out that the colonel and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home.After further investigation it was alsO discovered that Colonel Sadiq Uday did not declare any next of kin in his,official papersincluding the paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1CRsSu-0004Zf-Ev@socrates.neosurge.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Args" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="lile34" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt; Kind Regards" />
<meta name="Author" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1239" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="lile34 &lt;lilesong56@3xl.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1CRsSu-0004Zf-Ev@socrates.neosurge.com&gt;" />
<title>CAN YOU BE SINCERE?</title>
</head>
<body><p>
FROM:MR.LI LE SONG
Hang Seng Bank Ltd
Fu Shan Mansion
25 Taikoo Shing Road
Taikoo Shing Branch
Hong Kong.


Dear Sir,

  I am Mr. Li Le Song credit officer of the Foriegn operations dept of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd,Taikoo Shing Branch.I have a obscured business suggestion for you.Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client Colonel sadiq uday who was with the Iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months, with a value of Nineteen millions Five Hundred Thousand United state Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity several notice was sent to him, even during the war early this year. Again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him. We later find out that the colonel and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home.After further investigation it was alsO discovered that Colonel Sadiq Uday did not declare any next of kin in his,official papersincluding the paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my 
 bank. So, Nineteen millions Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it, What bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years and 6 month the funds will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.Against thisbackdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Colonel Sadiq Uday so that you will be able to receive his funds.

WHAT IS TO BE DONE:


 I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to Colonel Sadiq Uday,all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your Full Names and Address so that the attorney can commence his job. After you have been made the next of kin, the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you.There is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the
necessary documents.Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this Issue.Once the funds have been transrred to your nominated bank account the sharing ratio is open for negotiation for you. Should, you be interested please! send me your full names andcurrentresidential address and I will prefer you to reach me on the email address(lilesong56@3xl.net) and finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this operation.Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.

 Kind Regards

Mr.Li Le Song

___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at PHP-Nuke Powered Site colonialspacemarines.com
- http://colonialspacemarines.com


</p>

</body></html>