<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="P.M.B 111, Garki, Abuja" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="2349-5229634" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Radio House, Herbert Macaulay Way(south)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="engridrislanre_2005@fastermail.com" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;webmaster@izzitso.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal) " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Nov 14 07:45:02 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;webmaster@izzitso.com&gt; Federal Ministry of Works &amp; Housing" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="idris" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1245" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="idris &lt;engridrislanre_1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
                    Federal Ministry of Works &amp; Housing

                    Radio House, Herbert Macaulay Way(south)

                             P.M.B 111, Garki, Abuja

                    (Opposite the International Conference Centre) 

                                                   



Dear Sir/Madam,



This is to invite you to freely participate in a business venture on 

behalf of my partners and I.We especially need you to act as the chief beneficiary of a contract 

sum worth $14M in the Ministry of Works &amp; Housing, Nigeria.



For your benefit of doubt, we [ my partners &amp; I] are  management 

officials in the board team of the above named government parastatal. In 

addition, we are members of the internal audit reveiw panel set up to 

reconcile all bonifide contract debts being owed to foreigners by the government of Nigeria.



In the course of our auditing, we came across the siad sum of $14m 

floating in the ministry escrow account as an accrued debt payable to a yet 

un-identified contractor since 2001.On thorough examination,it was 

discovered that the $14M was a debt brilliantly created by the former 

Director General in favour of a company that she was about to incorporate 

locally here with the help of a foreign partner.



We made consultations with the former DG and eventually struck an 

agreement with her.The masterplan she created remains the same.The plan is 

to make you the chief beneficiary to the $14M by way of advancing 

you/your company as the real contractor to whom the sum is owed by the 

Ministry for a project executed between 2000/2001.As a matter of  fact,all 

the modalities needed to acheive this has already been perfected. The 

overall plan is 100% foolproof and will be carried out legally in every 

aspect of the transaction. Specifically,your duty will be to act in 

correspondence (viaE-mails,Faxes &amp; Telephone)- with the local Ministry of 

Finance as well as the Apex Bank authorities; until your total claims are 

verified,approved and the money paid into your advised bank account.



Whereas we would like to maintain our full confidentiality for now, we  

shall however provide you with more details as to the masterplan and 

the entire time frames involved. We will do so when you indicate your 

interest to become a partner with us.



Looking forward to a cordial business partnership with you.



Sincerely,



Engr.Idris Lanre.



______________________________________________________

Please reply to my private e-mail :engridrislanre_2005@fastermail.com

______________________________________________________

Engr. Idris Lanre.

Federal Ministry of Works &amp; Housing

Radio House, Herbert Macaulay Way (south)

P.M.B 111, Garki, Abuja

(Opposite the International Conference Centre)

E-mail: engridrislanre_2005@fastermail.com

www.nopa.net/Press_Release/messages/24.shtml

Fax: 2349-5229634



 



___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at - http://IzzitSO.com


</p>

</body></html>