<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="&lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Frank Map&quot; &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Frank Map &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-15T08:28:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="frankmap333@solidmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;adam@GEOMAT.math.uni-hamburg.de&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="adam@GEOMAT.math.uni-hamburg.de" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="adam@GEOMAT.math.uni-hamburg.de" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411150328.AA350355810@www.solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Frank Map&quot; &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Frank Map &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Frank Map&quot; &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Frank Map &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-15T08:28:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-15T08:28:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="&lt;IMail v8.05&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="&lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 15 03:36:20 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411150328.AA350355810@www.solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Frank Map" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Frank Map&quot; &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Frank Map &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="&lt;IMail v8.05&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1247" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Frank Map &lt;frankmap333@solidmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411150328.AA350355810@www.solidmail.com&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR  
                                            
CONFIDENTIAL / URGENT PROPOSAL
Firstly,I must solicit your confidence in this
transaction.I know that a transaction of this
magnitude will make any one apprenhensive,but be
assured that at the end all concerned would smile.I
decided to contact you due to the urgency of this
transaction.
Let me introduce myself.I am  Frank Map, a staff of 
UNION BANK OF NIGERIA.I got your contact via my
private search and decided to ask for your personal
involvement because of the urgency of this business.
THE PROPOSAL:A Foreigner,Late Mr Peter Creek an
Expertriate engineer,who was  involved in oil
merchant/contractor with the Federal Government of
Nigeria,until His death over two years ago in a
ghastly car accident,banked  with us here and a
closing balance as at the end of March,2000 of USD 35.
2Million(thirty  five million,two hundred thousand
dollars)equivalent in the local currency,which the
bank now expects a next of kin to claim as
beneficiary.All efforts by bank to contact any of his
relatives proved unseccesful. As a result of this the 
Board of Directors are about to place the fund
as"UNCLAIMAMBLE"and it has been decided that the funds
shall be shared among themselves.
In order to prevent this,some of my colleagues and i
now seek your assistance to have you stand in as the
beneficiary's next of kin.All documents to enable you
claim this fund will be carefully obtained from the
federal high court of justice. This Proposal is 100%
risk free on your side because i will obtain a court
ruling order that you are the beneficiary's next of
kin.We have agreed that 25% of the total fund when
remitted would be your share. 
Again take note that up to 10% of would stand as
incidental expenses,The remaining 65% would be our
share,more details would follow with time.If this
proposal is acceptable to you ,kindly contact me
through my private E-mail
address(frankmap333@yahoo.com) shown above and foward
to me your telephone and fax numbers for easy
communications and indicate your interest  urgently.
PLEASE TREAT THIS AS A VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL
MATTER.
Thanks
Yours Faithfully,

Frank Map


</p>

</body></html>