<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Good Day ." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Good Day ." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="creator" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;josgogo5@jumpy.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Nov 18 10:15:12 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;josgogo5@jumpy.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="Author" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1257" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="josgogo5@jumpy.it" />
<title>Good Day .</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Sir ,

Compliments of the day to you, how is your family and the good people around
you, I hope and assume they are in good condition if so thanks to the Almigthy
God for his good work.

I am Mr. Joseph Gogo, presently promoted to Auditor General of Eco Bank
Plc here in Cotonou Du Republic of Benin. During the course of our auditing
last week, I discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank
in 1996 and since 1998 nobody has operated on this account again, after
going through some old files in the records, I discovered that the owner
of the account died without a will, hence the money is floating and if I
do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. Believe
God in all you are doing.

I urge you to treat it serious. I and my collueges, want to transfer to
an oversea account (US$6,700.000.00) Six Million, Seven Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars) from Eco Bank Plc here in Cotonou, Republic of Benin.
I want to ask you, If you are capable to or will quietly look for a reliable
and honest person who will be capable, Honest and trustworthy to provide
either an existing bank account or to set up a new Bank account as soon
as posible to receive this money, as long as you will remain honest to me
. I pray for your understanding.

The owner of this account, Mr. Morris Thompson, an American and great industrialist,
resident of Alaska, who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of
Alaska Airlines Flight 261 which crahsed on January 31 2000, including his
wife and their only daughter who was surposed to be his next of kin if,
You shall read more news about the crash on visiting this site: (http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/)
and ( http://www.alaskaair.com/E_latest.asp) May their soul rest in perfect
peace Amen.

Be informed that no one knows about this account or any thing concerning
it, the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to
me as well that the account is a secret account. The total amount involved
is Six million Seven Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only [US$ 6,700.000.00]
and we wish to transfer this money into a safe foreigners account abroad.
But do not know any foreigner. I pray for your understanding.

I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved
to a local person here, but to a foreigner who has information about the
account, which I shall give to you upon your positive response. God is in
control.

Finally, we have made arrangements upon the reciept of your readiness and
confirmation of go ahead we shall distroy all documents of such mentioned
person to avoid further cross check in future as I will use my position
and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this
money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries
and foreign exchange departments. I pray for your understanding.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 25% of the total amount,
70% will be for us, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might have
incurred during the process of transferring. I look forward to your earliest
reply. I pray that God gives you wisdom and understanding.

You can as well send to me eith through this mail or my alternative email
as state (josgogo@jumpy.it) your full names and address, direct telephone
and fax number for easy communication , as I seriously believes on oral
communications than email . I pray for your understanding .


I await your urgent response .


Mr.Joseph Gogo .


Alt Email: josgogo@jumpy.it


PLEASE TREAT VERY URGENT .




________________________________________
Metti il faccione di Shrek sul tuo cellulare! http://www.specialeshrek.canale5.com




</p>

</body></html>