<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 21.407  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 141.213.4.43" />
<meta name="subject" content="Deal" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.David Clovis&quot; &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.David Clovis &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_20,DATE_IN_PAST_96_XX,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FORGED_YAHOO_RCVD,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED,RISK_FREE,UNDISC_RECIPS,URG_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="davidch@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="1998-01-01T01:27:22Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@E&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 21.407  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 141.213.4.43" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="davidchambers@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_20,DATE_IN_PAST_96_XX,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FORGED_YAHOO_RCVD,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED,RISK_FREE,UNDISC_RECIPS,URG_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="davidchambers@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Deal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411201728.iAKHSqVj005894@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.David Clovis&quot; &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.David Clovis &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.David Clovis&quot; &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.David Clovis &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="1998-01-01T01:27:22Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="1998-01-01T01:27:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Nov 20 13:31:41 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411201728.iAKHSqVj005894@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.David Clovis" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.David Clovis&quot; &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.David Clovis &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1269" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.David Clovis &lt;davidch@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411201728.iAKHSqVj005894@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Deal</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dr.David Clovis (Esq.)
Rue Portin X Blaize Diagne
St.Louis Senegal.
Email:davidchambers@katamail.com.

Attention:The President/CEO.

I am barrister David Clovis (Esq.), an English speaking Senegalese Solicitor &amp; Financial Attorney/Consultant.I was the personal attorney to late Daniel Thorp who was an expatriate mining consultant/contractor with Teaser Petroleum Corporation in St Louis-Senegal.Mr. Daniel Thorp here-in-after referred as my client was also a Diamond/Gold Merchant.

Mr.Daniel Thorp made a numbered time (Fixed) deposit for US$12,500,000.00 (Twelve Million Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars Only) in a bank in Dakar, capital of Senegal with standing statement/agreement with the bank that all correspondences in respect to the fixed deposit contract must be sent to him through my humble chambers. Upon maturity, the routine notification was sent to me whom I dispatched to his forwarding address as usual without no reply. After a month, I sent areminder which I received from the bank without any reply again.

Finally, I discovered from my client’s contract employers- Teaser Petroleum Corporation that he died among many others in the Kenya Airways flight of 31st January, 2000 that crashed into the Atlantic Ocean in Abidjan, Cote D’Ivoire. On further investigations, I found out that he died without making any WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I also discovered that Mr. Daniel Thorp did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his fixed deposit contract with the bank in Dakar-Senegal.

I am contacting you based on the official letter I just received from his bankers reminding me that Senegalese law states that at the expiration of 5 (five) years the money will revert to the ownership of the Senegalese Government if I do not confirm the next of kin to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kinto Mr. Daniel Thorp so that the fruits of this old man’s labor will not go into the hands of some corrupt government officials. Note that this transaction is simple and risk free because I will provide expert legal services that will guarantee the successful execution of this deal.

I wish to point out that after the claims, I would want 20% of this money to be shared among charity organizations, while the remaining 80% is shared equally between us. Most importantly, I would also require your assistance towards investing my share in your country or anywhere as you may advice.

If you are interested, please contact me via my email address :davidchambers@katamail.com. Upon your response, I shall provide you with more details and how we shall proceed with the claims. I expect you to observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaction would be profitable for both of us.

Awaiting your urgent reply via my email.

Thanks &amp; Regards

Dr.David Clovis (Esq.)


________________________________________________________________________
Cerchi un laboratorio fotografico aperto 24 ore su 24?
Stampa le tue foto digitali su Kataweb e le ricevi a domicilio in 48 ore.
http://www.kataweb.it/foto









</p>

</body></html>