<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT MESSAGE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;david morgan&quot; &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="david morgan &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+27-73-583-9881" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-21T11:13:19Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT MESSAGE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-526055019@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-526055019@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;david morgan&quot; &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="david morgan &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;david morgan&quot; &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="david morgan &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-21T11:13:19Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-21T11:13:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir/Madam," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Nov 21 06:13:33 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="david morgan" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;david morgan&quot; &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="david morgan &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1272" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="david morgan &lt;davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-526055019@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<title>URGENT MESSAGE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE OFFICE OF DAVID MORGAN.

JOHANNESBURG. 

SOUTH AFRICA.

E-MAIL: davidmorgan@classicmail.co.za

TEL: +27-73-583-9881
          
    
ATTN: Sir/Madam,

I know that this message will come to you as a surprise
since we don?t know each other, but for purpose of
introduction, I am DAVID MORGAN. The bank manager of
AMALGAMATED BANK OF South Africa (ABSA). There is an
account opened in this bank in 1982 and since 1990, nobody
has operated in this account again. After going through
some old files in the records, I discovered that if I do
not remove this money out urgently, it would be forfeited
for nothing. The owner of this account is MR. ADAMS
COLEMAN, a foreigner, and a miner at Kruger gold company, a
geologist by profession and he died since 1990. 

No other person knows about this account or anything
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and my
investigations proved to me as well that his company does
not know anything about this account. The amount involved
is US$18m (EIGHTEEN MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS). I am
only contacting you as a foreigner because this money
cannot be approved to a local bank here, but can only be
approved to any foreign Account because the money is in US
Dollars and the former owner of the account is MR. ADAMS
COLMEAN is a foreigner too. I know that this message will
come to you as a surprise as we don?t know ourselves
before. We will sign an agreement, but be sure that it is
real and a genuine business. 

Please reply or call me urgently so that I will inform you
the next step to transfer this fund to your resident Bank
Account immediately. Send also your private telephone and
fax numbers including the full details of the account to be
used for the deposit. I want us to meet face to face or
sign a binding agreement to bind us together so that you
can receive this money into a foreign account or any
Account of your choice where this money will be safe. And I
will fly to your country for withdrawal, sharing and other
investments. 

I am contacting you because of the need to involve a
foreigner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary. I
need your full co-operation to make this work fine because
the management is ready to approve this payment to any
foreigner, who has correct information of this account,
which I will give to you later immediately, if you are
capable and willing to handle such amount in strict
confidence and trust according to my instruction and advice
for our mutual benefit because this opportunity will never
come again in my life. I want you to be truthful in this
business, because I don?t want to make mistake, I need your
strong assurance and trust. 

With my position now in the office, I can transfer this
money now to any foreigner?s reliable account, which you
can provide with assurance that this money will be intact
bending my physical arrival in your country for sharing. I
will destroy all documents of transaction immediately you
receive this money, leaving no trace to any place. You can
also come to discuss with me face to face after whom I will
make this remittance in your presence and two of us will
fly to your country at least two days ahead of the money
going into the account. 

I will apply for my annual Leave to get visas immediately I
hear from you that you are ready to act and receive this
fund in your account. I will use my position and influence
to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money
to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the
ministries and foreign Exchange departments. At the
conclusion of this business, you will be given 25% of the
total amount, 70% will be for me, and while 5% will be for
expenses both parties might Have incurred during the
process of transferring. I look forward to your earliest
reply through my e-mail or you give me a call through my
office line. 

Regards,

DAVID MORGAN. AMALGAMATED BANK OF SOUTH AFRICA (ABSA).


</p>

</body></html>