<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="&quot;RASP&quot; Proposal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-22T16:46:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="&quot;RASP&quot; Proposal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411221647.iAMGlXT0005258@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="creator" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-22T16:46:51Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-22T16:46:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 22 11:47:41 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411221647.iAMGlXT0005258@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="Author" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1273" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="thomas_dickson@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411221647.iAMGlXT0005258@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>"RASP" Proposal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>My dear friend, 

I am Thomas Dickson, Bank Manager of the United Bank For Africa, Capetown Branch. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. 

On June 6 1998, a gold merchant/contractor with the 
Randgold Exploration Company, Ms. Lori Vanwalters-Arvelo made 
a numbered time (Fixed) deposite for twelve calendar months, valued 
at US$6,500,000.00 (Six Million, Five Hundred Thousand Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to her forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from her contract employers, Randgold Exploration company Ltd that Ms Lori Vanwalters-Arvelo died from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I found out that she did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace her next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Ms Lori Vanwalters-Arvelo did not declare any next of kin in all her official documents, including her Bank Deposit paperwork. 

This sum of US$6,500,000.00 is still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will come forward to claim it. According to the South African Law, at the expiration of 6 (six) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the South African Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. 

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Ms Lori Vanwalters-Arvelo so that the fruits of this old woman's labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide me immediately with your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of kin. 

We shall employ the services of two attorneys for drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favour for the transfer. A bank account in any part of the world, which you provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. 

If you are interested, please reply immediately. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand. Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. 

Awaiting your urgent reply via email. 

Thanks and regards, 

Thomas Dickson. 


</p>

</body></html>