<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE..." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-24T09:19:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="brown_tijani@163.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="qzsoft_directmail_seperator" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE..." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411240919.iAO9JLS4005305@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-24T09:19:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 charset=&quot;gb2312&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-24T09:19:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;thekwvhiyo@ebay.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 24 04:19:26 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;thekwvhiyo@ebay.com&gt; boundary=&quot;qzsoft_directmail_seperator&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411240919.iAO9JLS4005305@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Brown" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1277" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Brown &lt;brown_tijani@163.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411240919.iAO9JLS4005305@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT ASSISTANCE...</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear Friend,
 
This letter might come to you as a surprise since we
have not had any previous correspondence nor met. This
is as a result of the helpless situation I found
myself into. I got your contact during my search for a
reliable, capable and trustworthy person that can
assist me in this darkest moment of my life.

I am a native of Liberia and I lost my father, mother
and two sisters with our family house during this
recent war raging in Liberia. I am alive writing you
now from Nigeria where I and other lucky victims who
escaped alive from the rebel attack are like refugees.
No house, no good food, no good job and I'm just getting
assistance from well meaning individuals and a couple
of Nigerians who came back from Liberia too.
Before my father's sudden death, he deposited a
consignment labelled as a personal effect of classified 
DOCUMENTS AND VALUEBLES.

But consealed in it is the sum of US$5000,000.00 (Five
Million US Dollars) in cash with a Private security
vault overseas, which he intended to use for Politics.
While my father was alive he explained to me that he
had such fund and had to keep it in a security company
abroad due to the unstable polity in Liberia and
considering that he is a politician, he would not want
the Government to seize the money if deposited into
the bank in Liberia. Now that he is late and am the
only surviving son, I am writing you to assist me
receive this money in your country, invest it in a
profitable business and help relocate me to join you
immediately. As a result of insecurity of life and
property here, I do not want to stay in Africa any
longer. You have my permission/authority to
have/collect 30% of the funds on receiving it, for
your timely assistance.

Please indicate your readiness to assist me
immediately so that all the information about this
fund will be passed to you immediately and we can
execute this transaction within seven working days.
Send to me immediately the following information:
1. Your full legal names including contact address
2. Your mobile telephone and fax numbers for easy
communication
3. Date of birth, sex and marital status for
documentation purposes.

As soon as I receive your call or reply mail I shall
give you further details on how and where to receive
the fund on my behalf. The legal documents will also
be sent to you immediately and I shall pass
instructions to the security company to contact you
for the delivery of the funds to you.

With the help of symapatizer I was able to secure a
mobile phone which is very important for me at this
stage to enable me transact this important business
for which I am contacting you. Please reply me
immediately you receive this mail via my Private
E-mail: brown--tijani@163.com.

Looking forward to hearing from you,

Best Regards,

Brown Tijani.</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>