<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="OFFER FOR CONSIDERATION" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//uk.my.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="relation" content="&lt;20030206175043.73568.qmail@web13206.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20030224130247.33418.qmail@web9203.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="OFFER FOR CONSIDERATION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content="&lt;20030206175043.73568.qmail@web13206.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030224130247.33418.qmail@web9203.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="&lt;20030206175043.73568.qmail@web13206.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;solomon_konateh@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb 24 08:02:49 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;solomon_konateh@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-129" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030224130247.33418.qmail@web9203.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>OFFER FOR CONSIDERATION</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN:

MY DEAR, 

I KNOW THIS PROPOSAL LETTER MIGHT BE A PLEASANT
SUPRISE TO YOU AS WE DON'T KNOW OUR SELVES BEFORE BUT
BE SURED IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I AM MR.
SOLOMON KONATEH,A SIERRA-LEONIAN BORN 30 YEARS AGO,NOW
SEEKING ASYLUM IN DAKAR-SENEGAL UNDER (UNHCR) I GOT
YOUR CONTACT FROM THE INTERNET AS A CAUSE OF MY
SERIOUS SEARCH FOR A RELIABLE AND TRUSTWORTHY PERSON
THAT CAN HANDLE SUCH A CONFIDENTIAL TRANSACTION OF
THIS NATURE.

MY FATHER (LATE) MR. FEDELIX KONATEH THE FORMER DEPUTY
MINISTER OF FINANCE UNDER THE EXECUTIVE CIVILIAN
PRESIDENT OF SIERRA-LEONE,BUT WAS ASSASINATED BY THE
REBELS DURING THE CIVIL WAR AND PROPERTIES
DESTROYED,BUT I AND MY AGED MOTHER WITH MY TWO JUNIOR
BROTHERS NARROWLY ESCAPED WITH SOME VERY IMPORTANT
DOCUMENT OF (US$14.5M) FOURTHEEN POINT FIVE MILLION
U.S DOLLARS DEPOSITED BY MY LATE FATHER IN A HIGH
SECURITY AND FINANCE COMPANY HERE IN DAKAR AS A FAMILY
TREASURE UNDER MY NAME. HOWEVER,WE SADDLED WITH THE
PROBLEM OF SECURING A TRUST WORTHY FOREIGN PERSONALITY
TO HELP US TRANSFER THIS MONEY PENDING OUR ARRIVAL TO
MEET WITH YOU. FURTHERMORE,WE ONLY WANT THIS TO BE
DONE THIS WAY BECAUSE YOUR COUNTRY IS POLITICALLY
STABLE FOR ANY PROFITABLE INVESTMENT AND WE ALSO WANT
TO ADD HERE THAT IF ACCEPTED BY YOU,YOU WILL SERVE AS
THE ORIGINAL BENEFICIARY OF THE MONEY.

WE FEEL CONFIDENT THEREFORE,TO INTRODUCE THIS OFFER TO
YOU. FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION AND ASSISTANCE REGARDING
THIS TRANSFER,WE HAVE DECIDED TO GIVE YOU 15 PERCENT
OF THE TOTAL AMOUNT AND 5 PERCENT MAPPED OUT FOR ANY
MISCELLENEOUS EXPENSES THAT MAY OCCURE DURING THE
TRANSFER OF THE MONEY TO YOUR LOCATION.

CONCLUSIVELY,THEREFORE,YOU ARE REQUESTED TO FURNISH US
BACK IMMEDIATELY YOU RECIEVE THIS REQUEST TO TRANSFER
THIS MONEY FROM DAKAR SENEGAL TO YOUR COUNTRY RESIDENT
ACCOUNT OR ANY ACCOUNT OF YOUR INTEREST. ON
COMMENCEMENT OF THIS TRANSACTION I WANT TO LET YOU
UNDERSTAND THAT THE FUTURE OF MYSELF AND FAMILY
DEPENDS SOLELY ON THIS MONEY. SO PLEASE KEEP THIS
BUSINESS TO YOURSELF ONLY. FINALLY NOTE THAT THIS
BUSINESS IS 100% RISK FREE ON YOUR PART AS A RESULT
THERE IS NOTHING TO FEAR ABOUT. A COPY OF CERTIFICATE
OF DEPOSIT BOND RECIEPT OF THE SECURITY COMPANY AND
ALL THE VITAL DOCUMENTS THAT COVERED THE DEPOSITED
MONEY WILL BE SENT TO YOU FOR YOUR RECORD PURPOSE AS
SOON AS WE HEAR FROM YOU.

I AM EAGERLY EXPECTING YOUR URGENT RESPONSE.

YOURS FAITHFULLY,

SOLOMON KONATEH.




__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Everything you'll ever need on one web page
from News and Sport to Email and Music Charts
http://uk.my.yahoo.com

</p>

</body></html>