<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS RELATION." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-25T08:40:25Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS RELATION." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411250041.iAP0fZa07820@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-version" content="7.0.289 / Virus Database: 265.4.1 - Release Date: 11/19/2004" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-25T08:40:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-25T08:40:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ycraig2003@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 24 19:41:41 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ycraig2003@tiscali.it&gt;  " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411250041.iAP0fZa07820@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1283" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411250041.iAP0fZa07820@firefox.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title>BUSINESS RELATION.</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From the Desk of: DR. YINKA CRAIG.

                                     URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL

I AM A SENIOR ACCOUNTANT WITH THE NIGERIAN LIQUIFIED NATURAL GAS (NLNG) HERE IN LAGOS. I

HAVE BEEN ASSIGNED BY MY COLLEAGUES TO SEEK FOR A FOREIGN PARTNER WHO WILL ASSIST US IN THE

TRANSFER OF THE SUM OF US$27.5M (TWENTY SEVEN MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES

DOLLARS). THIS MONEY AROSE FROM A DELIBERATE OVER-INVOICING OF A PARTICULAR CONTRACT

AWARDED BY MY CORPORATION IN 2001.

MY COLLEAGUES AND I HAVE AGREED THAT IF YOU OR YOUR COMPANY PROVIDES AN ACCOUNT FOR

RECEIVING THIS MONEY, THE SHARING RATIO WILL BE THUS:

1. 60% FOR US HERE IN NIGERIA “THE OFFICIALS INVOLVED”.

2. 30% FOR YOU OR YOUR COMPANY THAT PROVIDE THE ACCOUNT.

3. 10% FOR EXPENSES INCURRED BY BOTH PARTIES IN THE COURSE OF THIS TRANSACTION.

NOTE: THE NATURE OF YOUR BUSINESS IS IRRELEVANT TO THIS TRANSACTION.
TO EFFECT THE TRANSFER OF THE ABOVE SUM, WE REQUIRE THE FOLLOWING FROM YOU:

*YOUR NAME OR COMPANY’S NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE, FAX AND TELEX NUMBERS.

AND AS SOON AS THESE REQUIREMENTS ARE RECEIVED, THE MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERRED INTO YOUR

ACCOUNT OR YOUR COMPANY’S ACCOUNT FOR SAFE KEEPING PENDING OUR ARRIVAL FOR SHARING. EVERY

ARRANGEMENT HAS BEEN CONCLUDED FOR A SUCCESSFUL AND HITCH-FREE TRANSFER FOR THIS MONEY INTO

YOUR ACCOUNT OR COMPANY’S ACCOUNT. PLEASE KEEP THIS TRANSACTION SECRET. INDICATE YOUR

INTEREST IN THIS BUSINESS THROUGH THIS MAIL (ycraig2003@walla.com)

NOTE: WE EXPECT YOUR IMMEDIATE RESPONSE VIA E-MAIL FOR SPEEDY TRANSACTION.

FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE CONVEYED TO YOU AS SOON AS I RECEIVE

YOUR ACCEPTANCE LETTER.

BEST REGARDS,

DR. YINKA CRAIG.

(ycraig2003@walla.com)






--
No virus found in this outgoing message.
Checked by AVG Anti-Virus.
Version: 7.0.289 / Virus Database: 265.4.1 - Release Date: 11/19/2004



</p>

</body></html>