<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Review" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Paul Otobo&quot; &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Paul Otobo &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="potobo3@walla.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-26T10:01:57Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="potobo2@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="potobo3@walla.com                    " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Review" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="potobo2@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411250433.iAP4XiS4015436@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Paul Otobo&quot; &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Paul Otobo &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Paul Otobo&quot; &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Paul Otobo &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-26T10:01:57Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-26T10:01:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 24 23:33:47 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411250433.iAP4XiS4015436@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Paul Otobo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Paul Otobo&quot; &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Paul Otobo &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1284" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Paul Otobo &lt;potobo3@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411250433.iAP4XiS4015436@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Review</title>
</head>
<body><p>Engr. Paul O. Otobo
Pretoria
South Africa.
Email: potobo3@walla.com                    
                     


Dear Sir, 
It is my great pleasure to write you this letter on
behalf of my colleagues. Your information were given
to me by a member of the South African Export
Promotion Council (SAEPC) who was with the Black
Economic Empowerment Commission (Government)
delegation on a trip to the United States during a
bilateral conference talk to encourage foreign
investors. I have decided to seek a confidential
co-operation with you in execution of a deal hereunder
for the benefit of all parties, and hope you will keep
it confidential because of the nature of this
business. 
Within the Department of Mining Resources where I work
as the Director of Project Implementation, with
co-operation of two other top officials, we have in
our possession, an overdue payment in US funds. 
The said funds represent certain percentage of the
contract value executed on behalf of my Ministry by a
foreign contracting firm, which we the officials
over-invoiced to the amount of
US$41,500,000.00 (Forty One Million Five Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars). Though the actual
contract cost has been paid to the original
contractor, leaving the excess balance unclaimed. 
The Government of the Republic of South Africa believe
that private investment in general, and foreign direct
investment in particular, are the real engines for
sustainable economic development, for which reason it
has continued to encouraged investment in the key
growth-oriented sector of Mining with sincere
determination to pay foreign contractors all debts
owed to them, so as to continue to enjoy close
relationship, and mutually beneficial co-operation
with foreign governments and non-governmental
financial agencies. As a result we included our bills
for approvals with the co-operation of some officials
at the Department of Finance and the Reserve Bank of
South Africa (RBSA). We are seeking your assistance to
be the beneficiary of the unclaimed funds, since we
are not allowed to operate foreign account. The
changing of beneficiary's information/ details and
other forms of documentation upon application for
claim to reflect the contract money and its approvals
will be secured on behalf of your company or your
self. 
I have the authority of my colleagues involved to
propose that, should you be willing to assist us in
this transaction your share as compensation will be
20% while my colleagues and I shall receive 70%, and
the balance of 10% shall be used to reimburse all
expenditures, taxes and miscellaneous expenses so
incurred. 
It does not matter whether or not your company does
contract projects of the nature described here. The
assumption is that your company won the major contract
and subcontracted it to other companies. More often
than not, big trading companies and firms of unrelated
fields win major contracts, and subcontract to more
specialized firms for execution. 
This business itself is 100% safe, provided you treat
it with utmost confidentiality. Also your
specialization is not a hindrance to the successful
execution of this mutual beneficiary transaction. I
have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you
will not disappoint us. Kindly notify me for further
details, upon your acceptance of this proposal.Pls send 
all correspondence to potobo2@netscape.net 
Regards,
Engr Paul O. Otobo.
potobo2@netscape.net


</p>

</body></html>