<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Confirm Message.ASAP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs.tutu &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tamb_w@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-11-28T06:00:26Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;marytutu@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="tutu288@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Confirm Message.ASAP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;marytutu@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200411280600.iAS60PS4013690@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs.tutu &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs.tutu &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-11-28T06:00:26Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-11-28T06:00:26Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Nov 28 01:00:25 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200411280600.iAS60PS4013690@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs.tutu" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs.tutu&quot; &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs.tutu &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1292" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs.tutu &lt;tamb_w@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200411280600.iAS60PS4013690@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Confirm Message.ASAP</title>
</head>
<body><p>CORPORATE TEL&amp; FAX: +27-11-5075379.
HOME TEL: + 871-762-535915
HOME FAX: + 871-762-535916
Email:  tutu288@latinmail.com

URGENT BUSINESS TRANSFER

I know that this will come to you as a surprise since we don't know each
other before. For the purpose of introduction, I am MR JOB TUTU the chief
auditor of amalgamated bank of South Africa (ABSA). When I was going
through some old files in the record I discovered that there is an account
opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 nobody has operated on this
account again.
The owner of this account is Mr. Smith B Andréa's, a foreigner/contractor
and a miner at Kruger gold mining Pty., a geologist by profession who died
since 1991. no other person knows about this account or any thing
concerning it and the account has no beneficiary and investigation on this
account proves to me that his company is not aware of this account and the
amount involved is US$18.3M ( Eighteen Million Three Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars Only).
I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be
approved to a local bank account here, but can only be approved to any
foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of
the account Mr. Smith B. Andréa's is a foreigner too. So if you find this
proposal interested kindly indicate your interest by contacting me and
also send to me your private telephone and fax numbers for easy and
confidential communication. 
Please be inform that this transaction is risk free for all arrangements
on how to transfer this money to your account has be made ready because I
will use my positions to get all internal documentations to back up the
claims, only waiting for your approval of agreement to assist me. And for
your personal assistance, you will be given 25% of the total sum while 5%
will be for expenses made by both parties during the transfer and 70% will
be use to establish a lucrative business/ investment for me in your
country through your assistance because I cannot bring one dollar back to
my country.
Moreover, I need your trust and confidentiality promising you will not
take advantage of the situation that makes you the beneficiary to this
account and hoping that you can be able to handle such amount of money in
strict confident till I come over to your country for appropriate
disbursement and investment.
I wait for your urgent response by Email, Call or Fax. Thanks And God Bless

Yours Truly,

Mr. Job Tutu
108 GRAYSTON DRIVE, SANTON CITY JHB, SOUTH AFRICA, TEL&amp; FAX: +27-11-5075379.


</p>

</body></html>