<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="tonysmith115@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS/FUNDTRASNFER" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. TONY SMITH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="tony smith &lt;tonysmith115@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.co.za?DI=1054&amp;XAPID=2532" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+27-83-52-75788" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tonysmith115@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-12-02T14:33:47Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tonysmith115@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tonysmith115@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="tonysmith115@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS/FUNDTRASNFER" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="02 Dec 2004 14:34:03.0415 (UTC) FILETIME=[F8741270:01C4D87B]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[tonysmith115@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. TONY SMITH" />
<meta name="creator" content="tony smith &lt;tonysmith115@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. TONY SMITH" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="tony smith &lt;tonysmith115@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-12-02T14:33:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-12-02T14:33:47Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="tonysmith115@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tonysmith115@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="02 Dec 2004 14:34:03.0415 (UTC) FILETIME=[F8741270:01C4D87B]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="tonysmith115@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Dec  2 09:34:32 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[tonysmith115@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tonysmith115@hotmail.com&gt; 100% risk free." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="tony smith" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. TONY SMITH" />
<meta name="Author" content="tony smith &lt;tonysmith115@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1298" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="tony smith &lt;tonysmith115@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS/FUNDTRASNFER</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR. TONY SMITH
DIRECTOR AUDIT AND ACCOUNTS UNIT,
AMALGAMATED BANK OF SOUTH AFRICA (ABSA)
142,WEST STREET SANDOWN 2196
JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA.
TEL:+27-83-52-75788
E-MAIL: tonysmith115@hotmail.com

Dear

With due honor and respect, I introduce myself to you for a better 
relationship. I am Mr,TONY SMITH  the Director in charge of Audit/Accounts 
unit, Foreign Remittance Department of AMLGAMATED BANK OF SOUTH 
AFRICA(ABSA). Your contact is courtesy of Business online network via 
Internet as I decided to contact you for this beneficial transaction that is 
  100% risk free.

During auditing, verifications/investigations in our bank at the end of last 
fiscal (financial) year, I discovered the sum of (US$17.5M}SEVENTEEN MILLION 
FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS in a dormant account belonging 
to an  Australian international businessman who died along with his family 
in the November 5th,2001 plane crash in Abidjan west Africa. Our 
investigations revealed no survival or NEXT OF KIN/RELATIONS for claims as 
we have long been expecting someone to forward applications for claims as it 
applies to our banking  regulations. Information / verifications from 
reliable sources confirmed that his supposed ?NEXT OF KINS? died with him in 
the crash. Hence this for your perusals.

However, I kept this information (SECRET) confidential within my 
jurisdiction to enable us submit claims and transfer this fund through 
trustworthy person whom we shall present to our bank as the BONAFIDE ?NEXT 
OF KIN? to the deceased. We intend to credit this fund into any of your 
nominated (designated) offshore bank account for investments.Meanwhile, all 
domestic arrangements for claims has been put in place awaiting your 
acceptance to participate. I will give you directives and all needed  
information as soon as I receive your positive response.

Kindly understand that we could not carry out this on our own as based on 
the simple facts that we are civil servants and secluded from operating 
foreign account and too, it will raise eyebrows on our side in terms of 
transfer being staff of the bank. Moreover, this fund belongs to a foreigner 
and demands same as next of kin to claim it. Hence your contact for   
successful operation. My colleagues and I has resolved to offering you 20% 
of the, total sum as commission, We will invest 75% of our share in your 
country provided it is profit oriented. 5% of the total fund will be set 
aside to re-emburse all expenses to be incurred in the course of  running 
this transaction such as telephone and other minor expenses. I am  assuring  
you of a smooth and successful transaction provided you display maturity and 
observe confidentiality.

And it will interest you to know that the Reserve Bank(Apex) will approve 
credit of this fund into your account as contract payment to abstain you 
from all queries regarding the source (originality) of this fund and will 
provide you (beneficiary) with contractual (data) details to certify your 
bank or  government if the need arises. Therefore, be kind to clarify
the following for my consideration:

1. Can your account accommodate this fund in your local bank without 
government intervention or do you have an account outside your country where 
you may consider safe for this fund ?.
2. What are taxation in your country like as I desire a low/free tax zone?.
3. What are the interest rates on long/short term fixed deposit in your 
local banks?.
4. What other lucrative investments would you suggest as I intend banking, 
real estate and hotels if they are good business venture in your Country?.
5. Can you be able to make residential documents and purchase a house for me 
and my family to relocate and settle in your country?.

Kindly indicate your private telephone and fax number for more  effeicient 
communication.
Looking forward to your anticipated urgent response.

Best regards,

(MR TONY SMITH)

_________________________________________________________________
Challenge your buddies with online games - get MSN Toolbar! 
http://messenger.msn.co.za?DI=1054&amp;XAPID=2532



</p>

</body></html>