<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="MY CONFIDNET" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ibram kamara&quot; &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ibram kamara &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//toolbar.msn.co.za?DI=1054&amp;XAPID=2083" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-12-02T22:18:53Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MY CONFIDNET" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="02 Dec 2004 22:19:03.0006 (UTC) FILETIME=[EDE7CFE0:01C4D8BC]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ibram kamara&quot; &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ibram kamara &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ibram kamara&quot; &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ibram kamara &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-12-02T22:18:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-12-02T22:18:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="02 Dec 2004 22:19:03.0006 (UTC) FILETIME=[EDE7CFE0:01C4D8BC]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Dec  2 17:19:16 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ibram kamara" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ibram kamara&quot; &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ibram kamara &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1301" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ibram kamara &lt;ibram_kamara05@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>MY CONFIDNET</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From MrI.Kamara

TEL +27 83 486 2761

DEAR ,

This letter was borne out of my sincere desire to establish a 
business/mutual relationship with you. I got your contact through the 
international trade and commerce (ITCC).

My name is Ibram Kamara the son of late Chief Abraham P.Kamara (the former 
deputy minister of finance under the ousted civilian government) who was 
killed and mutilated by the military junta led by major, Paul Koroma after 
overthrowing the elected government of president Tejan. Through, I do not 
know to what extent you are familiar with events and disturbance in 
Sierra-Leone but the pressure of war drove my mother and I out of Sierra 
-Leone into exile in South Africa where we have been living under political 
asylum for years.

Sadly, my mother died of cancer 2 months ago and was buried here in South 
Africa . Prior to her death, she handed me over a certificate meant for a 
secret deposit, which my father made in a security/finance company in europe 
the deposit that worth US$25,000,000 ( Twenty five million U.S dollars) this 
was the money paid to his corporation by it's overseas customers in the heat 
of the conflict. He made the deposit in his name and also deposited it as a 
family tresures, with the hope of converting it to his personal use at the 
end of the war but he was killed when the conflict intensified as a result 
of his opposition to the rebel forces. I have contracted the 
Security/finance Company to confirm the deposit and establish ownership.

Due to the death of my Mother, I have decided to solicit for the 
participation of an honest and trustworthy person or company that will 
assist in acting as my representative who will jointly signed the agreement 
for the safe keeping of the money in the security/finance company. The 
security/finance company don't know the content of the consignment, they 
believe that it is African artefact. As contained in 2 trunk boxes. 
Unfortunately, My mum who is surpose to assist me in releasing the 
consignment has died of cancer that is why I am looking for your assistance. 
I cannot do it alone due to my present social status and total ignorance of 
the business world. I shall also give you 20% of the funds for your 
assistance to relocate this fund to your country and for re-investment while 
the rest will be kept in any account of your choice for inverstmant purpose. 
i would have done the transfer myself as my name is written as the next of 
kin,but because of my present status in this country as a refugee i will not 
be allowed to handle such money or else it will be confisticated by the 
goverment if found in my possetion,and also i will not be allowed to open an 
account as a refugee not even to talk of inversting such an amount of 
money,these are the reasons why i need your assistance,If you are interested 
in helping me out of this my present situation, contact me immediately 
through my email and i will funish you with other details you need to 
conclude this transaction.this transaction is absolutely risk free and of 
biliteral benefits as i have all neccesray legal documents backing it 
up.please get back to me with your full name,tel.no fax no and also your 
home addres so as to enable me introduce you to the security/finance company 
handling the consignment as my representative.after all these you will then 
make an arrangement on how we are going to meet face to face and discuss in 
details.

Meanwhile, I cannot travel out because i have no travelling documents for 
now,i also hope that after everything you will secure a visa for me to join 
you in your country so that i can continue my studies over there. I hope to 
hear from you soon

Best regards,
MR IBRAM KAMARA

_________________________________________________________________
Cut through the clutter - search faster with MSN Toolbar! 
http://toolbar.msn.co.za?DI=1054&amp;XAPID=2083



</p>

</body></html>