<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="TESTAMENT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO I therefore made further investigation and discovered that" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-12-05T19:33:14Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal On further investigation, I found out that he died without" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sooochhoo@yahoo.com On July 8, 2000, a British Oil consultant/contractor with " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sooochhoo@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sooochhoo@yahoo.com On July 8, 2000, a British Oil consultant/contractor with " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n.b" content="Endeavour to send your reply through my alternative" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sooochho@yahoo.com  There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TESTAMENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;41b3627a.5d.2edd.31058@btconnect.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;41b3627a.5d.2edd.31058@btconnect.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-12-05T19:33:14Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 I am Mr.Soo Cho, credit officer of CHO HUNG BANK. I have an ." />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-12-05T19:33:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sooccho@btconnect.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1b, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Dec  5 14:33:35 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sooccho@btconnect.com&gt;  The money will be paid into your account for us to share in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="sooochho@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1b, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1310" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;41b3627a.5d.2edd.31058@btconnect.com&gt; " />
<title>TESTAMENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Mr.Soo Cho
CHO HUNG BANK.
14 1-ka Namdaemun-ro Chung-ku
Seoul, Seoul 100-757
South Korea.
www.chohungbank.co.kr
 
 I am Mr.Soo Cho, credit officer of CHO HUNG BANK. I have an
urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.
 
 On July 8, 2000, a British Oil consultant/contractor with
the South Korea Solid Minerals Corporation, Mr. Phillip
Morris made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve
calendar months, valued at (Twenty-eight Million Three
Hundred Thousand American Dollars only) in my branch.
 
 Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent
a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract
employers, that Mr. Phillip Morris died from an auto-mobile
accident.
 
 On further investigation, I found out that he died without
making a WILL,and all attempts to trace his next of kin was
fruitless.
 
 I therefore made further investigation and discovered that
Mr.Phillip Morris did not declare any kin or relations in
all his official documents,including his Bank Deposit
paperwork in my Bank.This sum of $28,300,000.00 is still
sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over
with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will
ever come forward to claim it.
 
 According to Laws of South Korea, at the expiration of 
(five) years,the money will revert to the ownership of the
South Korea Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.
 
 Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Phillip
Morris so that the fruits of this old man's labor will not
get into the hands of some corrupt government officials.
 
 This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately 
your full names and address so that the attorney will 
prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put
you in place as the next of kin. We shall employ the
services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the
WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of
probate/administration in your favor for the transfer.
 
 A bank account in any part of the world that you will 
provide the will, then facilitate the transfer of this 
money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.
 
 The money will be paid into your account for us to share in
the ratio of 70%for me and 25% for you and 5%  for Expenses
Incurred in the course of the transaction
 .
 
 There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this 
transaction will be done by the attorney and with my
position as the credit officer guarantees the successful
execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please
reply immediately to my email box.
 
 Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more 
details that will help you  understand the transaction.
 
 Please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers
for easy communication.
 
 You should observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured
that this transaction would be most profitable  for both of
us because I shall require your assistance  to invest my
share in your country.
 
 
 Regards,
 Soo Cho

N.B:Endeavour to send your reply through my alternative
e-mail address:soo@financesource.com



</p>

</body></html>