<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr Basma Kouakou." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//terramail.terra.com.mx/TerraMail/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.terra.com.mx/acceso/suscribete/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.decompras.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr Basma Kouakou." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="creator" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;b_kouakou@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec  6 06:15:46 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;b_kouakou@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="Author" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1312" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="b_kouakou@terra.com.mx" />
<title>From Mr Basma Kouakou.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearest one,

I am Mr Basma Kouakou,the only Son of late chief Swarray Kouakou
from Sierra Leone.My sources of your contact gave me the courage andconfidence
to rely on you. I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek
your assistance to transfer our cash of Sixteen million united state dollars
(us$16,000,000)
now in the custody of a BANK here in Abidjan to your private account pending
our arrival to your country.

SOURCE OF THE MONEY My late father, chief Swarray Kouakou, a native of
mende district in the Northern province of Sierra Leone, was the general
Manager of Sierra Leone mining co-operation (S.L.M.C.) Freetown. According
to my father. This money was the income accrued from mining co-operation's
over
draft and minor sales. Before the peak of the civil war between the rebels
forces of major Paul Koroma and the combined forces of ECOMOG peace keeping
operation that almost destroyed my country, following the forceful removal
from power of the Civilian Elected President Ahmed Tejan Kabbah by the rebels.
My father had already made arrangement for his family, my mother, my little
sister and myself to be evacuated to Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire with our personal
effects and the box containing team. My father deposited the fund for the
safe custody until after the war when he will join us. During the war in
my country, and following the indiscriminate looting of public and Government
properties by the rebel forces, the sierra Leone mining coop. Was one of
the targets looted and destroyed.

My father including other top Government functionaries Were attacked and
killed by the rebels in November 1999 because of his relationship with the
civilian Government of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah. As a result of my father death,
and with the news of my uncles involvement in air crash in January, dashed
our hope of survival. The untimely deaths caused my mothers heart failure
and other related complications of which she later died in the hospital
After we must have spent a lot of money on her. Now my 16-year-old Sister
and myself are alone in this strange country suffering without any care
or help.Without any relation, we are now like refugees and orphans. Our
only hope now is in fund our father deposited in the BANK, To this effect,

I humbly solicit your assistance in the followings ways.

To assist me claim this fund from the BANK as co-beneficiary. To transfer
this money in your name to your country. To make a good arrangement for
a joint business investment on our behalf in your country and you, the caretaker.
To secure a college for my little sister and my self in your country to
further our education. And to make arrangement for our travel with you to
your country after you have transferred this fund. Most importantly. the
whole documents issued after deposit is in my custody. For your assistance,
I beg to concede 20% of this money to you for your efforts assistance.

I wait for your immediate response.
( b_kouakou08@voila.fr )
Thanks and God bless you

Best regards.

Basma Kouakou and Susina Kouakou.


___________________________________________________________________________
Con Terra MAIL obtienes 6MB de espacio además de bloqueo ANTISPAM
http://terramail.terra.com.mx/TerraMail/
Acceso a Internet 3 x 1, desde ¡$179 pesos al mes!
http://www.terra.com.mx/acceso/suscribete/
Encuentra los mejores productos y precios increibles!!
Aprovecha nuestra promoción a 12 pagos sin intereses con Banamex y Bancomer
http://www.decompras.com/





</p>

</body></html>