<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD  DAY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;EL.Gaily Maliky.&quot; &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="EL.Gaily Maliky. &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-12-08T14:23:22Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="gaily_mal2000@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="gaily_mal2000@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD  DAY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200412081424.iB8EOUrL013080@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;EL.Gaily Maliky.&quot; &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="EL.Gaily Maliky. &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;EL.Gaily Maliky.&quot; &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="EL.Gaily Maliky. &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-12-08T14:23:22Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-12-08T14:23:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Dec  8 09:24:35 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200412081424.iB8EOUrL013080@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="EL.Gaily Maliky." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;EL.Gaily Maliky.&quot; &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="EL.Gaily Maliky. &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1315" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="EL.Gaily Maliky. &lt;gaily_mal@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200412081424.iB8EOUrL013080@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>GOOD  DAY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello Dear ,
I am EL.Gaily Maliky.
The Bank Manager of PACIFIC BANK PLC DAKAR-SENEGAL,Branch. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.
On June 6 2000, a Chinese oil consultant / contractor with the SENEGALIS National Petroleum Corporation,
Mr. Chung Wyi made a numbered time (Fixed) deposited for twelve calendar months, valued at US$13,000,000.00 (thirteen Million Dollars)in my branch.
Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, SENEGALIS National Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Chung Wyi died from an automobile accident. On further investigation,
I found out that he did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless.
I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Chung Wyi did not declare any next of kin in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork. This sum of US$13,000,000.00 is still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.
No one will come forward to claim it. According to our Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the SENEGAL Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Chung Wyi so that the fruits of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt officials.
This is simple,
I will like you to provide me immediately with your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of kin.
We shall employ the services of two attorneys for drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate / administration in your favor for the transfer.

A bank account in any part of the world, which you provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin.
The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 30% for you and then the remaining 10 will be maped out for any expences done before or after the transfer.

As all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private email address below.
Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand.
Please observe utmost confidentiality,and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.
Awaiting your urgent reply via email.
Thanks and regards,
EL.Gaily Maliky.

Manager Pacific Bank Plc Dakar Branch.





</p>

</body></html>