<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM: MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="richardwilliams@ttml.co.in" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="richardwilliams@ttml.co.in" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="IN THE EVENT YOU ARE NOT WILLINGLY TO ASSIST, KINDLY NOTIFY ME TO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="richard_williams2@post.cz" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM: MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;241c423b73.23b73241c4@ttml.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Sun, 12 Dec 2004 21:57:36 +0530 (IST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;241c423b73.23b73241c4@ttml.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS." />
<meta name="creator" content="richardwilliams@ttml.co.in" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="richardwilliams@ttml.co.in" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;richardwilliams@ttml.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.02 (built Sep 16 2002)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Dec 12 11:46:45 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;richardwilliams@ttml.co.in&gt; Sun, 12 Dec 2004 21:57:36 +0530 (IST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="richard_williams2@post.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS." />
<meta name="Author" content="richardwilliams@ttml.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.02 (built Sep 16 2002)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1318" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="richardwilliams@ttml.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;241c423b73.23b73241c4@ttml.co.in&gt;" />
<title>FROM: MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS.
1A PRESIDENTIAL ROAD,
ENUGU, ENUGU STATE
NIGERIA. 
ATTENTION PLEASE! THIS IS NOT A SPAM MAIL: 
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT, I GUESS MY LETTER WILL NOT EMBARRASS YOU, SINCE I
HAS NO PREVIOUS CORRESPONDENCE WITH YOU. I GOT YOUR CONTACT THROUGH THE
FOREIGN TRADE OFFICE OF THE NIGERIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS. I STRONGLY
BELIEVED, I WOULD NOT REGRET APPROACHING YOU IN THIS MATTER . IT IS MY BELIEF
THAT I CANNOT CONTINUE LEAVING A MONOTONOUS AND UNAMBITOUS EXISTENCE; THE
KIND OF LIFE THE HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF YOUNG MEN LIVES, WHO HAVE NO PROSPECT
AND WHO WILL BE DOING THE SAME THING IN ANOTHER TWENTY YEARS TIME AS THEY
ARE DOING NOW. 
I AM MR. MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS, CHIEF AUDITOR-GENERAL CONTINENTAL TRUST BANK
LIMITED, ENUGU MAIN BRANCH. ,FOR REASONS WHICH WILL COME TO LIGHT AS 
YOU READ ON. I OBTAINED YOUR ADDRESS PARTICULARLY FOR THE SAKE OF THIS BUSINESS
PROPOSITION.PLEASE EXERCISE SOME PATIENCE AND READ THROUGH MY MESSAGE.I
HAVE A VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS TO PROPOSE TO
YOU. ON THURSDAY JUNE 6TH 2000, AN OIl CONSULTANT/CONTRACTOR WITH THE NIGERIA
OIL MINISTRY, MR. YOUSEFF ABDULLAH, AN IRAQI NATIONAL,MADE A
NUMBERED TIME FIXED DEPOSIT FOR TWELVE CALENDAR MONTHS, VALUE US$8 MILLION
DEPOSIT IN MY BRANCH. ON MATURITY, WE SENT A ROUTINE NOTIFICATION
TO HIS FORWARDING ADDRESS BUT GOT NO REPLY.AFTER A MONTH, WE SENT A REMINDER
AND FINALLY, HIS EMPLOYERS,WROTE TO INFORM US THAT MR. ABDULLAH
DIED IN AN AUTO MOBILE ACCIDENT. THAT HE DIED WITHOUT MAKING A WILL WHILE
ATTEMPT TO TRACE HIS NEXT OF KIN THROUGH THE IRAQI EMBASSY PROVED FRUITLESS.
AT FIRST, I WAS SURPRISED THAT I DID NOT RECEIVE MUCH OFFICIAL
CO-OPERATION IN MY ENQUIRIES IN ORDER TO TRACE HIS KIN IN IRAQ AND INFORM
THEM ABOUT MR.ABDULLAH?S DEPOSIT OF US$8.4 MIILLION PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST. 
FURTHER INVESTIGATION REVEALED THAT MR. ABDULLAH WAS ACTIVELY OPPOSED TO
IRAQ GOVERNMENT OF LEAD BY THE FORMER PRESIDENT SADDAM HUSSEIN OF IRAQ AS
A RESULT, HE WAS DRIVEN INTO EXILE. BEING AN OIL EXPERT, MR.ABDULLAH SUBSEQUENTLY
OBTAINED A JOB IN NIGERIA HERE, AND SETTLED IN NIGERIA. THEREAFTER HE WALKED
INTO MY OFFICE TO MAKE THE AFORE-MENTIONED DEPOSIT OF US$8 MILLION. HE
DID NOT DECLARE HIS KIN IN HIS APPLICATION PAPER WORK. WHEN I ASKED HIM,
HE INFORMED ME THAT HE WISHED IT SO.IN THE CONSERVATIVE MANNER OF OUR BANK.
(MY EMPLOYER), I DID NOT TURN DOWN HIS WISH BUT RATHER HONOURED IT ESPECIALLY
GIVEN HIS HIGH NET WORTH. IN REALITY,NO ONE KNOWS THE SOURCE OF HIS MONEY
SINCE APPARENTLY, THE TIME FRAME OF HIS EMPLOYMENT HERE DOES INDEED PRECLUDE
SUCH A LARGE
AMOUNT OF MONEY. IT IS THEREFORE PRESUMED THAT HE BROUGHT IN HIS MONEY FROM
IRAQ ALTHOUGH THIS IS OPEN TO SPECULATION. THE POINT HOWEVER IS THAT THE
EMPLOYERS ARE NOT AWARE OF HIS MONEY,THEREFORE ONE CAN SAFELY INFER THAT
NO ONE WILL EVER COME TO THIS MONEY. THIS FUND,TOTALLING US$8.4 M(INCLUSIVE
OF ACCRUED INTEREST) IS STILL SITTING IN MY BANKS DORMANT ACCOUNT PORTFOLIO.
ACCORDING TO NIGERIA BANKING LAWS AND ACT OF 1993,THE MONEY WILL AUTOMATICALLY
REVERT TO THE NIGERIA GOVERNMENT TREASURY AFTER FIVE YEARS, ESPECIALL IF
THE ACCOUNT OWNER IS A FOREIGNER WHO HAS BEEN CERTIFIED DEAD AND THERE IS
NO VALID CLAIM, THIS INDEED, IS THE
SITUATION. I AM THUS LOOKING FOR A FOREIGNER WHO WILL STAND-IN AS THE NEXT
OF KIN TO MR. ABDULLAH.IT IS NOT NECESSARY TO BE A BLOOD RELATION TO MR.ABDULLAH,
EITHER IS IT NECESSARY TO BEAR THE SAME SURNAME WITH HIM. IT IS EVEN NOT
IMPORTANT FOR THE STAND-IN NEXT OF KIN TO BE AN IRAQ NATIONAL.READY, I HAVE
WORKED OUT MODALITIES FOR ACHIEVING MY AIM OF
APPOINTING A NEXT OF KIN AS WELL AS TRANSFER THE MONEY ABROAD FOR US TO
SHARE. IT IS MY INTENTION TO ACHIEVE THIS TRANSFER IN A LEGITIMATE WAY BY
SIMPLY USING AND ATTORNEY(REPRESENTING YOU AS BENEFICIARY) TO EXECUTE A
SERIES OF AFFIDAVITS IN SUPPORT OF YOUR CLAIM THIS WILL BE APPROVED. THE
MONEY TRANSFER PAPER WORK ITSELF WILL INCLUDE A CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN SO 
THAT THE RECEIVING BANK DOES NOT ASK QUESTION OR WORSE STILL REFUSE THE 
FUND ACCEPTANCE ON GROUND OF LAUNDERING. ALSO, THE PAPER WORK WILL INCLUDE
PROPER CERTIFICATION THAT THE FUND BEING TRANSFERRED IS FROM NON-CRIMINAL
SOURCES.IN SHORT THIS WILL BE A PROPER AND LEGAL MONEY TRANSFER WITH APPARENTLY
NO RISK INVOLVED! THE ATTORNEY WILL HAVE TO PROCESS THE INITIAL PAPER WORK
TO OBTAIN APPROVAL FROM THE PROBATE
REGISTRY OF THE MINISTRY OF JUSTICE FOR THE LETTER OF ADMINISTRATION EMPOWERING
YOU AS THE SOLE TRUSTEE/EXECUTOR TO THE ESTATE OF MR. ABDULLAH. IF YOU THEREFORE
AGREE TO BE THE OFFICIAL BENEFICIARY,THEN 
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SIGN ANY MONEY RANSFER DOCUMENTS,
AS THE APPOINTED ATTORNEY WILL DO ALL THAT. ALSO, YOU WILL NOT BE REQUIRED
TO VISIT NIGERIA.I WILL ALSO NEED THE ABOVE INFORMATION ONCE I HAVE THE
REQUIRED INFORMATION AS ABOVE, I WILL INITIATE THE PROCESSING OF THE TRANSFER,
AND
IN ABOUT TEN (10)WORKING DAYS, THE FUND WILL BE IN YOUR NOMINATED BANK ACCOUNT
FOR US TO SHARE IN THE RATIO OF: 65%FOR ME 30% FOR YOU WHILE 5% HAS BEEN
SET ASIDE FOR LOCAL AND INTERNATIONAL EXPENSES. THE TRANSACTION IS GUARANTEED
TO SUCCEED WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS. AS SOON AS I HEAR FROM YOU, I SHALL PROVIDE
YOU WITH FURTHER CLARIFICATION THAT YOU MAY NEED. 
I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR URGENT REPLY. 
BEST WISHES, 
MR. RICHARD WILLIAMS 
NOTE:IN THE EVENT YOU ARE NOT WILLINGLY TO ASSIST, KINDLY NOTIFY ME TO
PREVENT ME FROM MAKING FURTHER CONTACT.





</p>

</body></html>