<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="216.250.221.15" />
<meta name="subject" content="&quot;MY GOODWILL&quot;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-12-13T08:45:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="You must reply this mail to me through" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Excite Inbox 2.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1102927550.41bd56be169aa@inbox.excite.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="&quot;MY GOODWILL&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Excite Inbox 2.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1102927550.41bd56be169aa@inbox.excite.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="creator" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-12-13T08:45:50Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-12-13T08:45:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;miguelwayne@excite.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec 13 03:46:09 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;miguelwayne@excite.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="Author" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="216.250.221.15" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1322" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="miguelwayne@excite.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1102927550.41bd56be169aa@inbox.excite.co.uk&gt;" />
<title>"MY GOODWILL"</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend, 
It is indeed my pleasure to write to you this letter, 
which I believe will be a suprise,as we are both 
complete strangers. 
As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for 
me, because I believe everyone will die someday. My 
name is Miguel Wayne, a former merchant in Dubai, in the 
U.A.E. I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer 
which was discovered very late, due to my laxity in 
caring for my health. 
It has defiled all forms of medicine, and right now I 
have only about a few months to live, according to 
medical experts. I have not particularly lived my life 
so well, as I never really cared for anyone not even 
myself but my business.Though I am very rich, I was 
never generous,I was always hostile to people and only 
focus on my business as that was the only thing I 
cared for,but now I regret all this as I now know that 
there is more to life than just wanting to have or 
make all the money in the world. 
I believe when I have a second chance to come to this 
world I would live my life a different way from how I 
had lived it, now that it is dark for me, I have 
willed and given most of my properties and assets to 
my immediate and extended family members and as well 
as a few close friends. 
To correct my wrong past life, I have decided to give 
alms to charity organizations,as I want this to be one 
of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have 
distributed money to some charity organizations in the 
U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has 
deteriorated so badly,I cannot do this my self 
anymore. 
I once asked members of my family to close one of my 
accounts and distribute the money which I have there 
to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan, they 
refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do 
not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have
left for them. The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash
deposit of four million dollars that I have with a Fiducial Company Abroad,
I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity
organizations and you must be sending me informations of how it was
disbursed either by email or otherwise . I have set aside 10% for you for
your time and patience. 
Thanks. 
Miguel Wayne.
NB 
Please do not share my email addess with anyone as I 
have received some emails from some unscrupulos people 
claiming to be charity organisations and other weird 
stories. 

NOTE:You must reply this mail to me through
: miguelwayne@velocall.com for the above reasons I have told you about.

-------------------------------------------------
sent by Excite Inbox - http://inbox.excite.co.uk

powered by Excite UK - http://www.excite.co.uk




</p>

</body></html>