<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="SUSAN TIJANI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="susan.tijani@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="susan.tijani@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="relation" content="&lt;40FF87BB000DB773@mail15.jumpyint.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content=" &lt;40FF87BB000DB773@mail15.jumpyint.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="SUSAN TIJANI" />
<meta name="creator" content="susan.tijani@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="SUSAN TIJANI" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="susan.tijani@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="&lt;40FF87BB000DB773@mail15.jumpyint.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;susan.tijani@jumpy.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="President/ Director" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec 13 06:08:13 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;susan.tijani@jumpy.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="SUSAN TIJANI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="SUSAN TIJANI" />
<meta name="Author" content="susan.tijani@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1324" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="susan.tijani@jumpy.it" />
<title>GOOD DAY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: SUSAN TIJANI
Attn: President/ Director

Dear,

I am SUSAN TIJANI the only daughter of late former Director of finance,
Chief Vincent R. TIJANI of Sierra-Leone diamond and mining corporation.
I must confess my agitation is real, and my words is my bond,in this proposal.

My late father diverted this money meant for purchase of ammunition, for
my country,during the peak of disastrous civil war in my country, now he
I am residing under political Assylum with my younger brother LAWRENCE TIJANI
who is 18 years old,Now the war in my country is over with the help of ECOMOG
soldiers, the present government of Sierra Leone has revoked the passport
of all officers who served under the former regime and now ask countries
to expel such person at the same time freeze their account and confiscate
their asset, it is on this note that I am contacting you, all I needed from
you is to furnish me with your bank particulars:

1) Account name
2) Account number
3) Bank address, telephone and fax number
4) your private telephone /fax numbers

For you to assist me transfer this money in your private bank account, the
said amount is Eleven Million Dollars (US$11.000.000.00 Million).I am compensating
you with 20 % of the total money amount, now all my hope is banked on you
and I really wants to invest this money in your country, were their is stability
of Government, political and economic welfare.Honestly I want you to believe
that this transaction is real and never a joke.

My late father Chief Vincent gave me the deposit slip issued to him by the
BANK on the date of deposit, for you to be clarify because, I do not expose
my self to anybody I see, I believe that you are able to keep this transaction
secret for me because this money is the hope of my life, it is important.

Please write me immediately after you must have gone through my message
fill free and make it urgent. That is the reason why I offered you 20 %
of the total money amount, and in case of any other necessary expenses you
might incure, I am resolving to give you an addition of 5% during this transaction.


N.B Try and negotiate for me some profitable blue chip investment opportunities
which is risky free which I can invest with this money when it is transferred
to your account, personally I am interested in estate management and hotel
business, please advise me.
And promise me and my younger brother to be our guardian considering our
situation and not to betray us.

And my late father used me the only daughter as the beneficiary / next of
kin on the day of deposit and also told me I need an assistance of a foreigner
with a egitimate bank Account abroad who will stand as co-beneficiary and
partner abroad to ensure a successful hitch free transfer of the fund abroad.

Thanks and God bless.

Yours truly,

SUSAN TIJANI






________________________________________
Metti il faccione di Shrek sul tuo cellulare! http://www.specialeshrek.canale5.com




</p>

</body></html>