<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="LOOKING FORWARD YOUR RESPOND." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt; =09" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//info.mail.yahoo.com/mail_250" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-12-13T21:23:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kencolubanjr@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kencolubanjr@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="kencolubanjr@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="LOOKING FORWARD YOUR RESPOND." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt; =09" />
<meta name="creator" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt; =09" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-12-13T21:23:38Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Yours  Faithfully," />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-12-13T21:23:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec 13 16:23:48 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt; INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="kenny coluban" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt; =09" />
<meta name="Author" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1326" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kenny coluban &lt;kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.au&gt;" />
<title>LOOKING FORWARD YOUR RESPOND.</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR KENNY COLUBAN,
NO,542 YOFF RUE,
DAKAR-SENEGAL,
TEL.00221 1692 7750,
FAX.00221 1864 2389 ,
E-MAIL.kencolubanjr@yahoo.com.(or)zam_zam20002000@yahoo.com

        INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP.
-------------------------------------------------------

Dear Sir/MAdam.


I wish to introduce myself to you. I am Mr.KENNY
COLUBAN. the managing Director (LIZNETINVESTMENT ),And
also the son of Chief.WILLIAMS COLUBAN. from IVORY
COAST,ABIJAN,in west africa ,So my father instruct me
to look for an foreign pertner who is going to be
trustworthy and God infearing who will able to help us
in investment assistance in his/her company or if it
is not ok for your company,you just look for stuitable
business in your country ,And i got you contact while
i was searching at the net ,i came across it your mail
address i decided to mail you , and i will be well
pleade for your assistance and now we are in senegal
-Dakar doing business in Dakar ,so we deceided to move
over to europe for a investment .

And my father map out about 5,000,000USD ( five
million usD) for a investment in any european,And in
west africa we have about three branch office,The
Gambia,Abijan ivory coast and Senegal-Dakar.

And another things we want you to do ,if you will able
to assist us,And what we want from you is to just open
an acount were the money for the investment ,you will
send me letter of invitation to come over for the
investment,And why we want to move to european for an
investment is because of political reason in Africa.

At the conclusion of this business you will be given
25% of the total amount while 60% will be for me and
my family while 5% will be for expenses both parties
may incure in the course of making this transaction
succesful. 

However, if you are not disposed to assist kindly
destroy the letter in view of the families interest
and personal security. I count on you greatly for your
assistance.Please,if where i contacted you is not okay
with you,do not hestiate to tell me and provide
another address where i will be contacting you.A good
percentage awaits you for your assistance.

Expecting to hear from you soon.

      Yours  Faithfully,

       MR.KENNEY COLUBAN JR.










		
__________________________________ 
Do you Yahoo!? 
Yahoo! Mail - Easier than ever with enhanced search. Learn more.
http://info.mail.yahoo.com/mail_250


</p>

</body></html>