<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="APPEAL FOR ASSISTANCE. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.ALEX JOMOH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="alex jomoh &lt;alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="27-73-179 -0425." />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-12-28T14:52:01Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="alexjomoh_za2002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="APPEAL FOR ASSISTANCE. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="28 Dec 2004 14:53:01.0619 (UTC) FILETIME=[ED9DB830:01C4ECEC]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.ALEX JOMOH" />
<meta name="creator" content="alex jomoh &lt;alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.ALEX JOMOH" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="alex jomoh &lt;alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-12-28T14:52:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 APPEAL FOR ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-12-28T14:52:01Z" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="28 Dec 2004 14:53:01.0619 (UTC) FILETIME=[ED9DB830:01C4ECEC]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Dec 28 09:54:33 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="alex jomoh" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.ALEX JOMOH" />
<meta name="Author" content="alex jomoh &lt;alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1344" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="alex jomoh &lt;alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>APPEAL FOR ASSISTANCE. </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MR.ALEX JOMOH
#505 LOUISE BORTHA,ROAD
JOHANNESBURG,SOUTH AFRICA
TEL:27-73-179 -0425.
EMAIL:alexjomoh0007@hotmail.com
KINDLY ATTEN:THE DIRECTOR/CEO

                              APPEAL FOR ASSISTANCE.


With warm heart I offer my friendship, and greetings and I hope this mail 
meets you in good time. However strange or surprising this contact might 
seem to you, as we have not met personally nor had any dealings in the past, 
I humbly ask that you take due consideration of its importance and immense 
benefit. I also sincerely seek your confidence, as I make this request to 
you as a person of integrity.



However,First and foremost I wish to introduce myself properly to you. my 
name is  Mr.Alex Jomoh ,the elder  son of Mr. Jomoh.c.Benard of 
Zimbabwe.This might be a suprise to you about where i got your contact 
address.Igot your address from a reliable source here in Johnnesburg ,South 
Africa in South African Information Exchange.


During the current war against the farmers in Zimbabwe from the supporters 
of our President. Robert Mugabe to claim all the white -owned farms to his 
party members and his followers,he ordered all the  white farmers to 
surrender  all their farms to his party members and his followers.


My father being one of the few rich and successful black farmers in our 
country was also victimised because of his opposition to Mugabe's policies. 
And because he did not support Mugabe's ideas,Mugabe's supporters  invaded 
my fathers farm and burnt everything in the farm,killing my  father and  
made away with a  lot of items in my father's farm.


However with the benefit of hingsight, owing to the looming but 
deteriorating crisis in my country Zimbabwea,my  father had, before his 
unfurtunate death deposited with one of the Security Company in Johannesburg 
,  SOUTH AFRICA the  sum of US$18 Million (EIGHTEEN MILLION UNITED DOLLARS 
)After the death of my father,we decided  to move to the Republic of  South 
Africa where he had deposited the money in the Security Company as 
valuables.

So I decided to contact overseas firms and individuals that will assist me 
to move this money out of  South Africa because, as asylum seekers we are 
not allowed to operate any bank accont within South Africa.We have agreed to 
offer 15% of the total sum for your assistance,5% will mapped out for any 
expenses that may be incurred  in the course of this transaction and 80% 
will be for me and my family to Invest in your country.

Please,I need the following clarifications from you:

1. Would taxation be much in your country as I desire a low/free tax zone.

2.What other lucrative businesses would you suggest as I intend Real 
Estate,tourism as well as industry and production or our farming business 
investments?.

3. What are your Government incentives to foreign investors in your 
locality?.

I am believing that you will be sincere enough and of good assistance to me 
in this issue


All I want you to do  is to furnish me with your
entire details including your readiness to assist me achieve this 
transaction for investment purposes in your country under your 
supervision.You can contact me on the above telephone or email address for 
further details on how to achieve this transaction.

Note that this transaction is 100% risk free and should be treated  with 
absolute confidentiality.

PLEASE NOTE CONTACT ME ON  MY ALTERNATIVE EMAIL ADDRESS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, 
EMAIL:alexjomoh_za2002@yahoo.com

Thanks and  God bless.
Best regards
Mr.Alex Jomoh.(for the family).




</p>

</body></html>