<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr.Haitham" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr.Haitham Sharaff.&quot; &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Haitham Sharaff. &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sharaff1@simbamail.fm" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-01-14T10:39:24Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sharaff1@simbamail.fm " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sharaff1@simbamail.fm" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr.Haitham" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200501141039.j0EAdNeR027169@flawless.mail.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr.Haitham Sharaff.&quot; &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Haitham Sharaff. &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr.Haitham Sharaff.&quot; &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Haitham Sharaff. &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-01-14T10:39:24Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-01-14T10:39:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 14 05:39:26 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200501141039.j0EAdNeR027169@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Haitham Sharaff." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr.Haitham Sharaff.&quot; &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Haitham Sharaff. &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1368" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Haitham Sharaff. &lt;sharaff1@simbamail.fm&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200501141039.j0EAdNeR027169@flawless.mail.UM&gt; " />
<title>From Mr.Haitham</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From The Desk of Mr.Haitham Sharaff.
Manager National Bank of Abu Dhabi
Dubai Unted Arab Emirate (U.A.E.)
Email:sharaff3@simbamail.fm

I am Mr.Haitham Yousuf Branch Manager National Bank of Abu Dhabi), I
have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.
A British Oil consultant and contractor with the Kruger Gold Company,
Mr.Remond Beck made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar
months, valued at US$12,000,000.00 (Twelve Million United State Dollars
) in my branch. Upon maturity,

I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers, the Kruger Gold Company that Mr. Raymond Beck died
in a plane crash along with his wife Mr. and Mrs. Remond Beck died in
a plan crash along with his wife in Egypt Air Flight 990, 1999 air crash
(for more information about this crash and person you can contact this
website: http://www.s-t.com/daily/11-99/11-02-99/d08ho174.htm

Since we got this information about his death and on further investigation,
I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to
trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation
and discovered that Mr. Remond Beck did not declare any kin or relations
in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in
my Bank.

This sum of US$12,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest
is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No
one will ever come forward to claim it. According to Laws of United Arab
Emirates, at the expiration of 7 (seven) years, the money will revert to
the ownership of the (U.A.E) Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand
in as the next of kin to Mr. Remond Beck so that the fruits of this old
man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials.
This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and
address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and
affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin.
We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization
of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/
administration in your favor for the transfer. A bank account in any part
of the world that you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of
this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.

The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of
60% for me and 40% for you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork
for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the
Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private email
address above.

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please send me your
confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication. Please observe
utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most
profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest
my share in your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email address.
Regards.

Mr.Haitham Sharaff.




</p>

</body></html>