<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT  ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O " />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-10705227-1105708028=:2314&quot; " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ejimegoalota@yahoo.com hear from you immediately.&lt;BR&gt;Yours faithfully,&lt;BR&gt;DR. EJIMEGO&amp;nbsp; ALOTA&amp;nbsp; .[bill and exchange manager bib]&lt;BR&gt;Private line&lt;BR&gt;(0022507537741 .&lt;BR&gt;N/B.my intention of writing you through email is&lt;BR&gt;because i belive it is&lt;BR&gt;very Confidential&lt;/P&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ejimegoalota@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ejimegoalota@yahoo.com hear from you immediately.&lt;BR&gt;Yours faithfully,&lt;BR&gt;DR. EJIMEGO&amp;nbsp; ALOTA&amp;nbsp; .[bill and exchange manager bib]&lt;BR&gt;Private line&lt;BR&gt;(0022507537741 .&lt;BR&gt;N/B.my intention of writing you through email is&lt;BR&gt;because i belive it is&lt;BR&gt;very Confidential&lt;/P&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-10705227-1105708028=:2314" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-10705227-1105708028=" content="2314" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-10705227-1105708028=" content="2314" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-10705227-1105708028=" content="2314--" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20050114130708.3138.qmail@web54405.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT  ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  s=s1024; d=yahoo.com;  b=jRAQHs6WwIBbF4DaOnmjdGYS+9p2M9LcMWFRSeQXf70MDafkgcHMx5mTmRvYBLI8DEALhsKiX/Xd5N/9iJCgPS6nQFRrSc6cb+W3Ksp5Fcb9Bul8XuxmltVGNGO3fSA/Lh6ypTly1doqp5XuqMkGzJNrrQUtl2qYwIzQRpIU3Iw=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20050114130708.3138.qmail@web54405.mail.yahoo.com&gt; but&lt;BR&gt;unfortunately we learnt that&lt;BR&gt;all his supposed next of kin or relation died&lt;BR&gt;alongside with him at the&lt;BR&gt;plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is&lt;BR&gt;therefore upon&lt;BR&gt;this discovery that I now decided to make this&lt;BR&gt;businness proposal to you&lt;BR&gt;and release the money to you as the next of kin or&lt;BR&gt;relation to the&lt;BR&gt;deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since&lt;BR&gt;nobody is coming for&lt;BR&gt;it and we don't want this money to go into the Bank&lt;BR&gt;treasury as&lt;BR&gt;unclaimed Bill.&lt;BR&gt;The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if&lt;BR&gt;such money&lt;BR&gt;remained unclamed after three years, the money will be&lt;BR&gt;transfered into&lt;BR&gt;the Bank treasury account as unclaimed fund.&lt;BR&gt;The request of foreigner as next of kin in this&lt;BR&gt;business is occasioned&lt;BR&gt;by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and an&lt;BR&gt;Ivoirean cannot&lt;BR&gt;stand as next of kin to a foreigner.I agree that 30 %&lt;BR&gt;of this money will&lt;BR&gt;be for you as foreign partner, in respect to" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-10705227-1105708028=:2314&quot; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=jRAQHs6WwIBbF4DaOnmjdGYS+9p2M9LcMWFRSeQXf70MDafkgcHMx5mTmRvYBLI8DEALhsKiX/Xd5N/9iJCgPS6nQFRrSc6cb+W3Ksp5Fcb9Bul8XuxmltVGNGO3fSA/Lh6ypTly1doqp5XuqMkGzJNrrQUtl2qYwIzQRpIU3Iw=  ; The all-new My Yahoo! – Get yours free!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ejimegoalota@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 14 08:07:19 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ejimegoalota@yahoo.com&gt; s=s1024; d=yahoo.com; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 &lt;hr size=1&gt;Do you Yahoo!?&lt;br&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1369" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20050114130708.3138.qmail@web54405.mail.yahoo.com&gt; but&lt;BR&gt;unfortunately we learnt that&lt;BR&gt;all his supposed next of kin or relation died&lt;BR&gt;alongside with him at the&lt;BR&gt;plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is&lt;BR&gt;therefore upon&lt;BR&gt;this discovery that I now decided to make this&lt;BR&gt;businness proposal to you&lt;BR&gt;and release the money to you as the next of kin or&lt;BR&gt;relation to the&lt;BR&gt;deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since&lt;BR&gt;nobody is coming for&lt;BR&gt;it and we don't want this money to go into the Bank&lt;BR&gt;treasury as&lt;BR&gt;unclaimed Bill.&lt;BR&gt;The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if&lt;BR&gt;such money&lt;BR&gt;remained unclamed after three years, the money will be&lt;BR&gt;transfered into&lt;BR&gt;the Bank treasury account as unclaimed fund.&lt;BR&gt;The request of foreigner as next of kin in this&lt;BR&gt;business is occasioned&lt;BR&gt;by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and an&lt;BR&gt;Ivoirean cannot&lt;BR&gt;stand as next of kin to a foreigner.I agree that 30 %&lt;BR&gt;of this money will&lt;BR&gt;be for you as foreign partner, in respect to" />
<title>URGENT  ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>FROM THE DESK OF BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
DR. EJIMEGO  ALOTA,
BANQUE INTERNATIONALE DE ABIJAN.
ABIJAN,COTE D, IVOIRE.</p>


<p>
ATTN
I am the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign
remittance
department of Banque internationale de Abidjan (BIAO).
I am writing
following the impressive information about you through
my research from
your country directory. its assured me of your
capability and
reliability to champion this businees opportunity.
In my departmentn i discovered an abandoned sum of
$11.5m US dollars
eleven million, five hundred thousand U.S dollars) .
In an account
that
belongs to one of our foreign customer who died along
with his entire
family in a concord plane crash in the year 2000 in
paris that almost
took the
whole life of the pasengeres on board Since we got
information about
his death,
we have been expecting his next of kin to come over
and claim his money
because we cannot release unless somebody applies for
it as next of kin
or relation to the deceased as indicated in our
banking guidelines
 but
unfortunately we learnt that
all his supposed next of kin or relation died
alongside with him at the
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is
therefore upon
this discovery that I now decided to make this
businness proposal to you
and release the money to you as the next of kin or
relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since
nobody is coming for
it and we don't want this money to go into the Bank
treasury as
unclaimed Bill.
The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if
such money
remained unclamed after three years, the money will be
transfered into
the Bank treasury account as unclaimed fund.
The request of foreigner as next of kin in this
business is occasioned
by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and an
Ivoirean cannot
stand as next of kin to a foreigner.I agree that 30 %
of this money will
be for you as foreign partner, in respect to
 the
provision of a foreign
account, 10% will be set aside for expenses incured
during the business
and 60 % would be for me . There after I will visit
your country for disbursement accoding to the
percentages indicated.
Therefore to enable the immediate trnansfer of this
fund to you as
arranged,
you must apply first to the bank as relations or next
of kin of the
deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account
number, your
private telephone and fax number for easy and
effective communication and
location where the money will be remitted .
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax
or email the text
of the application. I will not fail to bring to your
notice that this
transaction is risk free and that you should not
entertain any atom of
fear as all required arrangements have been made for
the transfer .
You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this letter.
Trusting to
 hear from you immediately.
Yours faithfully,
DR. EJIMEGO  ALOTA  .[bill and exchange manager bib]
Private line
(0022507537741 .
N/B.my intention of writing you through email is
because i belive it is
very Confidential</p>


<p>
		</p>


Do you Yahoo!?
 
The <a shape="rect" href="http://my.yahoo.com">all-new My Yahoo!</a> – Get yours free! 
 
 
 
</body></html>