<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Favour Please" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-01-14T14:53:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="wilfredometie@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="qzsoft_directmail_seperator" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Favour Please" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200501141453.j0EErmIS011012@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-01-14T14:53:48Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 charset=&quot;DEFAULT&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-01-14T14:53:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;vnrmehyszc@dell.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 14 09:53:56 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;vnrmehyszc@dell.com&gt; boundary=&quot;qzsoft_directmail_seperator&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200501141453.j0EErmIS011012@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="WILFRED OMETIE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1370" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="WILFRED OMETIE &lt;wilfredometie@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200501141453.j0EErmIS011012@brazil.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Favour Please</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Good Day,

I hope this mail meets you in good health and spirit; i am, Rawlings Ometie, a sierra Leonie. Presently, I live as a refugee in republic of Ireland, with my younger sister, Sarah. I am the son of late Chief Dr. Wilfred Ometie, the assassinated former assistant director Of Sierra Leone gold and Diamond-mining Corporation, a victim of the war in my Country.

My father was killed with other government officials during official hours when the rebel troops stormed and raided the mining   corporation office at the heat of the crisis in my country. A few weeks later, the rebels also invaded our residential building in which my mother and two of our security men were killed in the compound while I was out for a special research program and my younger sister was in school.

I had a singular shock and trauma, which compelled us to flee from the country to republic of Ireland with the help of an army colonel, who is a close friend of my late father, I have degree in marketing and I would have further my education if not for the death of my parents. I have never worked to earn my living since my late parents had enough wealth for us.

I am contacting you now because of the present difficulty i am facing. Unfortunately my father's two accounts in West Africa have recently been frozen, however this did not affect the twenty million six hundred thousand US Dollars (us$ 20,600,000.00), which he deposited with a security company in Ireland.

For now, I am having every information and document needed for the collection of the deposit with the security company and i want you to act as the beneficiary of the deposit for easy and smooth collection to your account abroad for investment purposes.

You will no doubt be adequately compensated with as well as a percentage of the profit from investment of the fund. Also you will see to it that my sister and I come over to your country at the earliest possible time. I am making this request to you with tears in my eyes and I feel that god almighty will touch you with his spirit to listen to my cry for help and answer me without delay.

Since our Parents is no more and this is the only hope for life. 
Your positive response will give me the greatest joy and relief. 
God bless you for your kind assistance we have agreed to offer you 20% of the total sum.

 Seriously waiting for your urgent reply.

Best regard.
Rawlings Ometie.



</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>