<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASSISTANT REQUIRED" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//mail.yahoo.com " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//my.yahoo.com " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="james_smithy123@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="james_smithy123@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="james_smithy123@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="james_smithy00k@yahoo.com (RE:TRANSFER OF (136,000.000.00 USD)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20050115100834.72111.qmail@web52008.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="james_smithy00k@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASSISTANT REQUIRED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  s=s1024; d=yahoo.com;  b=ZDNGkoTJqT5v3+QYkpTvKyYWS330XFh8XhI/DgkaHwKveGLBr/j92ma/3nJaXXD/1Skej1HmMU9aL5o96JvLFvZTq0yQ/yOJY815ySP+WcBm6rIK9URm9fKZT6Z10EM7Z0fK2gn/lwcJx8kR2HtllqYOtunqEmSW6xfFe4g9nqs=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20050115100834.72111.qmail@web52008.mail.yahoo.com&gt; {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL}" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=ZDNGkoTJqT5v3+QYkpTvKyYWS330XFh8XhI/DgkaHwKveGLBr/j92ma/3nJaXXD/1Skej1HmMU9aL5o96JvLFvZTq0yQ/yOJY815ySP+WcBm6rIK9URm9fKZT6Z10EM7Z0fK2gn/lwcJx8kR2HtllqYOtunqEmSW6xfFe4g9nqs=  ; " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;james_smithy123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jan 15 05:08:41 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;james_smithy123@yahoo.com&gt; s=s1024; d=yahoo.com;  " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1372" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20050115100834.72111.qmail@web52008.mail.yahoo.com&gt; {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL}" />
<title>ASSISTANT REQUIRED</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mr, James Smithy.
Box 1287 Port Shepstone
Chaka -South Africa.
 

                                                      
              {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL} 
        (RE:TRANSFER OF (136,000.000.00 USD)
    (ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS)
                   
                           

Dear Sir,

We want to transfer to overseas ($ 136,000.000.00
USD)One hundred and Thirty six million United States
Dollars) from a Bank in Africa. I want to ask you to
quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will
be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank
account or to set up a new Bank a/c immediately to
receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve,as
long as you will remain honest to me till the end for
this important business,trusting in you and believing
in God that you will never let me down either now or
in future.

I am Mr, James Smithy.the Auditor General of a bank in
Africa. During the course of our auditing I
discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the
bank in 1995 and since 1998 nobody has operated on
this account again. After going through some old files
in the records I discovered that the owner of the
account died without a [heir] hence the money has been
floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently
it will be forfeited for nothing.

The owner of this account is Mr. Ahmed Tariq, a
foreigner and a sailor, he died since 1998. No other
person knows about this account or anything concerning
it, it has no other beneficiary. My investigation
proved to me as well that Mr.  Ahmed Tariq until his
death was the manager Tariq Coy.(pty). SA.
 
The amount involved is (USD 136M) One hundred and
Thirty Six million United States Dollars, I only want
to first transfer $36,000.000[Thirty Six million
United States Dollar from this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad before the rest, but I don't
know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as a
foreigner because this money can not be approved to a 
local person here, without valid international
passport, but can only be approved to any foreigner
with valid international passport or drivers license
and foreign a/c because the money is in US dollars and
the former owner of the a/c Mr. Ahmed Tariq is a
foreigner too, [and the money can only be approved
into a foreign a/c.
 
However, I got your contact address from my secretary
who does not know the need for it. I am revealing this
to you with believe  that you will never let me down
in this business, you are the first and might be the
only the only person that I am contacting for this
business, so please reply urgently so that I will
inform you the next step to take. 

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and
to sign a binding agreement before transferring the
money to any account of your choice where the fund
will be safe. Before we fly to your country for
withdrawal, sharing and investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work,
because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account, which I will give to you, upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you are
capable and will meet up with instruction of a key 
bank official who is deeply involved with me in this
business. 
 
I need your strong assurance that you will never letme
down. With my influence and the position of the bank
official we can transfer this money to any 
foreigner's reliable account which you can provide
with assurance that this money will be intact pending
our physical arrival in your country for sharing.
 
The bank official will destroy all documents of
transaction immediately we receive this money leaving
no trace to any place and to build confidence you can
come immediately to discuss with me face to face after
which I will make this remittance in your presence and
three of us will fly to your country at least two days
ahead of the money going into the account.
 
I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately
I hear from you that you are ready to act and receive
this fund in your account.

I will use my position and influence to obtain all
legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to
your account with appropriate clearance from the
relevant ministries and foreign exchange departments.
 
At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
35% of the total amount, 60% will be for me, while 5%
will be for expenses both parties might have incurred
during the process of transferring.

Hope to hear from you soonest.


Yours Sincerely,

Mr James Smithy.
 
N.B.  I need your phone and fax numbers for easy
communications as the case may be.












__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam
protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 


		
__________________________________ 
Do you Yahoo!? 
The all-new My Yahoo! - What will yours do?
http://my.yahoo.com 


</p>

</body></html>