<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailman-Version" content="2.1.3" />
<meta name="subject" content="Researchers post from william_k@o2.pl requires approval" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="william_k@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM we resolved to contact you for your most needed assistance on this mutua=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-List-Administrivia" content="yes" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-list-administrivia" content="yes this business demands. &lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-BeenThere" content="researchers@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="===============1250329389==" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Researchers post from william_k@o2.pl requires approval" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;mailman.1984.1105800910.6974.researchers@lists.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;mailman.1984.1105800910.6974.researchers@lists.si.UM&gt; in some european countries, hence i and my wife along with my children,d=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="researchers-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-To" content="researchers-owner@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-01-15T14:55:10Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-01-15T14:55:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="AtMail Corp 3.61 - http://webbasedemail.com/" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Precedence" content="bulk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Delivered-To" content="researchers-owner@lists.si.UM	Sat, 15 Jan 2005 09:55:10 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jan 15 10:00:18 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="researchers-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="William Koroma" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="researchers-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="Author" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;mailman.1984.1105800910.6974.researchers@lists.si.UM&gt; in some european countries, hence i and my wife along with my children,d=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-errors-to" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="researchers-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-01-15T14:55:10Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="william_k@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM we resolved to contact you for your most needed assistance on this mutua=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="researchers-owner@lists.si.UM From:    william_k@o2.pl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="researchers@si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-beenthere" content="researchers@lists.si.UM successful execution of this transaction.&lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Errors-To" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="william_k@o2.pl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-precedence" content="bulk that you will assist me and my immediate family by receiving the money o=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-list-id" content="&lt;researchers.lists.si.UM&gt; action as soon as i receive your response.Is this preposition is attaina=" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="researchers-request@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="creator" content="researchers-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 List:    Researchers@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt; Sat, 15 Jan 2005 09:55:10 -0500 (EST) Reason:  Post by non-member to a members-only list" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;william_k@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-origin" content="81.69.233.26" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 contact is not acceptable to you, as I make this proposal to you as a pe=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailman-version" content="2.1.3 I will not want&amp;nbsp; our identity revealed. I will also want to buy pro=" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1373" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:List-Id" content="&lt;researchers.lists.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="researchers-owner@lists.si.UM Subject: reply me soon" />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="researchers@si.UM" />
<title>Researchers post from william_k@o2.pl requires approval</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>As list administrator, your authorization is requested for the
following mailing list posting:

    List:    Researchers@lists.si.UM
    From:    william_k@o2.pl
    Subject: reply me soon
    Reason:  Post by non-member to a members-only list

At your convenience, visit:

    http://lists.si.UM/mailman/admindb/researchers
        
to approve or deny the request.
</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear Friend,</p>


<p>      Greetings to you,With warm heart I offer my friendship, and greetings, and I hope this mail meets you in good time. However strange or surprising this contact might seem to you as we have not met personally or had any dealings in the past, I humbly ask that you take due consideration of its importance and the immense benefit it will be to you.</p>


<p>     After careful consideration with my children, we resolved to contact you for your most needed assistance on this mutually beneficial and riskfree transaction which i hope you will give your urgent attention. I duly apologize for infringing on your privacy, if this contact is not acceptable to you, as I make this proposal to you as a person of integrity. First and foremost I wish to introduce myself properly to you. </p>


<p>   I  am Mr.William Koroma  I am moved to write you this letter, this was inconfidence considration,for our present circumstances and situation, i escaped with my wife and children out of Sierrial-Leone to The Nedelands through the aid of the United Nations Evacuation Team where we are now presently residing on temporary political asylum.</p>


<p>     However, due to this situation I decided to change most of my Billions of  Dollars deposited in Swiss Bank and other countries into other forms of money coded for safe purpose because the new head of state Ahmed Tijjan Kabba made arrangement with the Swiss Goverment and other European countries to freeze all my treasures deposited in some european countries, hence i and my wife along with my children,decided laying low in this our tempoery political asylum camp here in Grou Jirnssum in the Nedelands to study the situation till when things gets better, since president Tijjan Kabba taking over goverment again in Sierria Leone. One of my chateaux in Southern France was confiscated by the French Goverment, and as such we had to change  our identity so that our investment will not be trace and confiscated.</p>


<p>  I  have deposited the sum of Twenty-eight Million Dollars only{US$28,000,000.00} with a security company for safekeeping.</p>


<p>

  The funds are security coded to prevent them from knowing the actual content .  What I want you to do now is to indicate your inetrest that you will assist me and my immediate family by receiving the money on our behalf.</p>


<p>     The  Account required for this project can be personal, company or an offshore account that you have  total control over, your area of specialisation will not be a hinderance to the successful execution of this transaction.

 

 Ackowledge this message, so that I can introduce you to my family as our foreign trusted partner who shall take charge of our investment abroad where we now plan to settle.</p>


<p>    I want you to assist us in investing this money,but I will not want  our identity revealed. I will also want to buy properties and stocks in multy- national companies and to engage in other safe and non speculative investments.</p>


<p>   We have been through a lot of health and spiritual turmoil, hence will need  your understanding and assistance. 

  

 May I at this junction emphasize the  high level of confidentiality which this business demands and hope you will not betral the trust and confidence which we repose in you.I  shall put you in the picture of this buiness, i.e tell you where the funds are currently being maintained and also discuss other modalities including remuneration for your services.</p>


<p>   I   shall also inform you with the next line of action as soon as i receive your response.Is this preposition is attainable? If it is, Please kindly funish me immediately by E-mail with your direct telephone number and fax number to enhance the confidentiality which this business demands. </p>


<p>  Best Regards,

Mr.William Koroma </p>


<p>

 </p>



</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p><p>If you reply to this message, keeping the Subject: header intact,
Mailman will discard the held message.  Do this if the message is
spam.  If you reply to this message and include an Approved: header
with the list password in it, the message will be approved for posting
to the list.  The Approved: header can also appear in the first line
of the body of the reply.</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>