<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="IN GOD WE TRUST." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs Mary Clement.&quot;&lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Mary Clement. &lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-01-18T12:58:30Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="IN GOD WE TRUST." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200501181258.j0ICwaeR019070@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs Mary Clement.&quot;&lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Mary Clement. &lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs Mary Clement.&quot;&lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Mary Clement. &lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-01-18T12:58:30Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-01-18T12:58:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 18 07:58:44 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200501181258.j0ICwaeR019070@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs Mary Clement." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs Mary Clement.&quot;&lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Mary Clement. &lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1376" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs Mary Clement. &lt;clement_m2002@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200501181258.j0ICwaeR019070@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>IN GOD WE TRUST.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearest in the lord,

I am Mrs mary Clement from Solomon Islands near Australia. I am
married to Mr.William Clement from Romania who worked with
Romania Embassy in GUINEE for nine years before he died in the
year 2001.  We were married for eleven years without a child. He
died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days.

Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his
death I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my
matrimonial home which the Bible is against. When my late husband
was alive he deposited the sum of $14.5 Million in a bank in
EUROPE.  Recently, my DOCTOR told me that I would not last for
the next Eight months due to cancer problem.

Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to a
church,organization or good person that will utilize this money
the way I am going to instruct here in. I want a
church,organization or good person that will use this fund for
orphanages, widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavor
that the house of God is maintained.  l took this decision
because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and
my husband relatives are not Christians not even good at all
because they are the one that killed my husband in other to have
all my late husband properties and I don't want my husband's
efforts to be used by unbelievers. I don't want a situation where
this money will be used in an ungodly way.

This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death
hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in
the bosom of the Lord.Exodus 14 VS 14 says that "the lord will
fight my case and I shall  hold my peace". I don't need any
telephone communication in this regard because of my health hence
the presence of my husband's relatives around me always.

I don't want them to know about this development. With God all
things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give
you the contact of the Bank in EUROPE. I will also issue you an
authority letter that will prove you the present beneficiary of
this fund. I want you and the church or the organization to
always pray for me because the lord is my shephard.

My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian.Whoever
that Wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and Truth.
Please always be prayerful all through your life. Contact me on
the this email address and any delay in your reply will give me
room in sourcing another church,organization or good person for
this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly
as I Stated herein. Hoping to receive your response immedaitely.

Thanks and Remain blessed in the Lord.

Mrs Mary Clement

Pls reply to my private email ( clement_ma2000@yahoo.co.in)




</p>

</body></html>