<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GREETINGS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MRS.SAMBU LIZZY&quot; &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS.SAMBU LIZZY &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sambulizzy@myway.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-01-19T12:38:39Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sambulizzy@EngineerEmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sambulizzy@EngineerEmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GREETINGS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200501190042.j0J0gutW004106@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MRS.SAMBU LIZZY&quot; &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS.SAMBU LIZZY &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MRS.SAMBU LIZZY&quot; &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS.SAMBU LIZZY &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-01-19T12:38:39Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-01-19T12:38:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 18 19:42:58 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200501190042.j0J0gutW004106@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS.SAMBU LIZZY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MRS.SAMBU LIZZY&quot; &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS.SAMBU LIZZY &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1378" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS.SAMBU LIZZY &lt;sambulizzy@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200501190042.j0J0gutW004106@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>GREETINGS</title>
</head>
<body><p>MRS. SAMBU LIZZY
DANANI REFUGEE CAMP
C/O ROCK OF AGES EVANGELICAL MINISTRY
Accra,Ghana

Hello Please,

With the best compliments of the year, I wish to
solicit your help in migrating to your country and
investing my funds. I am a Sierra Leonean National and the wife of late
Dr. SIMON SAMBU. Until his death, my husband was the
General overseer of the Gold and Diamond Mining
Corporation in Kanema Sierra Leone. During the crisis the military
forces loyal to the
Government of AHMED TIJAN KABBAH invaded the Diamond
and Gold mine and assassinated my husband, mistaking him for his brother
MR.MIKE SAMBU who is the
deputy to the leader of the Revolutionary United
Front (RUF ) FODAY SANKOH. When the news reached me,
I hurriedly gathered some valuables in our family
villa and escaped for my dear life in the company of
my only son SILAS SAMBU and left some other valuables
since I was in a haste and lost some. Among the
valuables I collected was a file that contained
details of a Deposit in a Vault my husband made in a
security company in Europe.
He deposited US$8M (Eight Million U.S Dollars)
contained in one box in the name of our son SILAS SAMBU. He did not
disclose the real contents of
the Box to the Security Company. He Declared the
contents as Family Valuables for safety reasons. This
is the money he made from the sale of Gold and
diamonds during his time as the General overseer. Now that we are in
Accra,Ghana and verified the
transaction, we need your assistance to move this
funds out of the security company for investment in
your country as we cannot invest here due to its
nearness to our country and the insecurity still going
on there. We ask you to scout for a viable and
lucrative business, so that we can invest wisely. We
have it in mind to give you 10% of the total sum of
(8 million US Dollars), and 12% share for you in any
investment we will embark upon with our share of 90%
if you assist us. We will also set aside 5% of the
funds for ancillary expenses which you will make in
course of this transaction.
This fortune of ours we have revealed to you should
remain CONFIDENTIAL as it is only you who we have told
about it. Kindly indicate your interest and
willingness to assist us on receipt of this message
for us to clarify you on how to proceed. Note that this transaction is
risk free.
May the shelter and care of God be upon you as you
assist us.
Remain blessed.

Yours Sincerely,

MRS.SAMBU LIZZY

Do respond to me through the e-mail address below;
sambulizzy5@hotmail.com





</p>

</body></html>