<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="es" />
<meta name="subject" content="Business Venture" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/9809/swissair.victims.list/ " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/americas/9809/08/swissair.02/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/americas/9809/05/swissair.transcript" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Language" content="es" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-01-27T13:19:16Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="evanstimothy1970@netscape.net " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="evanstimothy1970@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;2a6712e3e7.2e3e72a671@teleline.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Business Venture" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;2a6712e3e7.2e3e72a671@teleline.es&gt; At this juncture i have decided to do business with you in" />
<meta name="creator" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-01-27T13:19:16Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="es" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-01-27T13:19:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Netscape Webmail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan 27 08:19:43 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt; ACT ACCORDINGLY AND PRIVATELY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="EVANSTIMOTHY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Netscape Webmail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1394" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="EVANSTIMOTHY &lt;EVANSTIMOTHY@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;2a6712e3e7.2e3e72a671@teleline.es&gt; At this juncture i have decided to do business with you in" />
<title>Business Venture</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir, 
               ACT ACCORDINGLY AND PRIVATELY 
I am Evans Timothy the bills and exchange director at African Express 
Bank Plc.
Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one 
apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that everything has 
been taken care of and all will be well at the end of the day. I 
decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction.
      
MY PROPOSITION;
I am writing this letter to solicit for support and assistance from you 
to carry out this business opportunity in my department.Lying in an 
inactive account awaiting liquidation is the sum of USD $10.7million 
belonging to a foreign customer(Herve Garboudes) who was an 
petroleum/gas consultant/contactor with the Nigeria National Petroleum 
coporation who happens to be deceased during a business trip. He died 
with his wife
(Christine Garboudes) on board the Swissair Flight 111 , which crashed 
into the Atlantic off Nova Scotia in september 2nd 1998. 
 
The news of this crash was on the news which we have notified his 
relatives to no avail.
See links below for more detail informaion: 
http://cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/9809/swissair.victims.list/ 

http://cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/americas/9809/08/swissair.02/

http://cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/americas/9809/05/swissair.transcript
s/
       
Ever since he died the bank has been expecting his next of kin to come 
and claim these fund, the NDIC could not liquidate the account because 
I have filled a motion that a next of kin wrote in to the effect. To 
this effect, they can not release the money unless someone applies for 
it as next of kin, as indicated in our banking guideline. 

 At this juncture i have decided to do business with you in 
collaboration with some officials in the bank, to this effect we 
solicit your assistance in applying as the next of kin and beneficiary 
to Herve Garboudes then the money will be released to you. As we do not 
want this money to go into the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill,or 
our superiors taking the funds for their own personal use.

The banking law and guideline stipulates that if such money(s) remains 
unclaimed for a period of up to seven years(7yrs) the money will be 
transferred into the banks treasury as an unclaimed bill. Our request 
for a foreigner as next of kin is occasioned by the fact that the 
customer was a foreigner and a Nigerian cannot stand as next of kin. To 
effect the immediate transfer of the fund to you as agreed, you must 
apply first to the bank as the next of kin to the decease, The fund 
shall then be transferred to you legally in accordance to all laid down 
procedures governing closure of account and transfer of funds. 
If you are willing to assist us, we have agree to give you 20 Percent 
of USD $10.7 million  
Note that this transaction is legal,safe and 100% risk free.
  Upon receipt of your reply which should includes the following:

1) Your Full Name 
2) Your telephone number for easy communication between us.

I will confidentially work out all modalities for the successful 
transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary, and send to you by 
fax or email attachement the text of the application, as soon as you 
receive the text I will further clarify you in details on how to effect 
the business. 

Await to hear from you 
Best Regards 
Evans Timothy.











</p>

</body></html>