<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGNT ASSITANCE PLEASE  1" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS,JANE ABBAS " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jane abbs &lt;janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//info.mail.yahoo.com/mail_250" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-01T09:16:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGNT ASSITANCE PLEASE  1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS,JANE ABBAS " />
<meta name="creator" content="jane abbs &lt;janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS,JANE ABBAS " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jane abbs &lt;janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-01T09:16:27Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-01T09:16:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-phone" content="+27-736112897" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="DIRECTOR/CEO " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb  1 04:17:27 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jane abbs" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS,JANE ABBAS " />
<meta name="Author" content="jane abbs &lt;janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-[e-mail" content="janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in / thanks and remain" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1400" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jane abbs &lt;janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<title>URGNT ASSITANCE PLEASE  1</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MRS,JANE ABBAS 

Phone:+27-736112897
 
ATTN:DIRECTOR/CEO 

Iam Mrs. JANE ABBAS, the wife of the former adviser
suliman H. Abbas, who is in charge of arms and
acquisition to the current president of Sierrelone,
His excellency, Ahmed Kabbah.Following the civil war
in my country, the head of state delegated my husband
to arrange for arm purchase from republic of south
Africa through independent arms dealer. He was
directed to purchase arms worth TWENTY FIVE MILLION
UNITED STATES DOLLARS (US$25 000,000.00.) On arrival
in South Africa through diplomatic means, he deposited
the  in a private  company with the name of our first
son Ahmed Abbas and declared it to be official
consignment belonging to his foreign affiliate in
holland 

On getting back home he was hijacked and killed by
unknown people, I became widow over night. God so
kind, all the papers for deposition of this  with the 
company is with us, I did not waste time to run away
with my sons and daughter to the republic of south
Africa. On getting to South Africa, we could not find
it easy to bring the consignment out off the  Company,
they demanded for foreign partner information that is
bassed in holland. Due to these, For that we are
looking for a reliable trustworthy person who can help
us to transfer this to His or Her private account
oversea. 

I ran into your name through net work search and I
decided to contact you and see if you could be of any
help to us. We intend to compensate you with 25% of
the total sum, if you agree in transferring this  into
any of your account oversea. 5% will be mapped out in
case of any country of which you will be guide to us
in your country. 

Please should this meet your utmost consideration,
please contact me through the above specified email
addresss, please feel free to ask a question you
consider necessary. This transaction is 100% risk
free,Please include your private telephone and fax
number for easy communication. Remember to keep this
transaction secret for  reason. 

I expect your urgent call as soon as possible or 
[e-mail:janeabbs13@yahoo.co.in / thanks and remain
blessed. 

Best Regards 

MRS. JANE ABBAS. 








		
__________________________________ 
Do you Yahoo!? 
Yahoo! Mail - now with 250MB free storage. Learn more.
http://info.mail.yahoo.com/mail_250


</p>

</body></html>