<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="MRS. MARIAM !!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MRS. MARIAM&quot; &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS. MARIAM &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-04T07:31:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ma2320024@zipmail.com.br" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;MRS. MARIAM&quot; &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="qzsoft_directmail_seperator" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MRS. MARIAM !!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;MRS. MARIAM&quot; &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200502040731.j147V3Ci004042@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MRS. MARIAM&quot; &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS. MARIAM &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MRS. MARIAM&quot; &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS. MARIAM &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-04T07:31:03Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 charset=&quot;DEFAULT&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-04T07:31:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;erkpatynpc@bea.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Feb  4 02:31:16 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;erkpatynpc@bea.com&gt; boundary=&quot;qzsoft_directmail_seperator&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200502040731.j147V3Ci004042@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS. MARIAM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MRS. MARIAM&quot; &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS. MARIAM &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1408" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS. MARIAM &lt;ma2320024@zipmail.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200502040731.j147V3Ci004042@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>MRS. MARIAM !!!</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear Sir,

I know this email will reach you as a surprise, but need not to worry as we are using the only secured and confidential medium available to seek for foreign assistance in a business. It is with heartfelt hope that I write to seek your co-operation and assistance in the context stated below: May I first introduce my self: I am Dr.(Mrs.) MARIAM ABACHA, the wife of Late General Sani Abacha (former Military head of state and President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria) who died suddenly on 8th June 1998. I got your contact on the internet as I was making contact for a honest foreigner who will help save my life and my children, hence our country has been frustrating us since the death of my husband. I have lost confidence with anybody within the country. Having noted the confidence reposed on your person , I became convinced of your capability and goodwill to assist me in receiving the sum of US$8 Million secretly willed in my favour by the late general (my husband).

This money was kept in a Security Company in Amsterdam Holland and I have all documents with me as of when it was deposited in a Security Vault for safe keeping. This money has been defaced for Security reasons and also to avoid it been spent by unauthorized persons. it is not an ill gotten wealth rather, it was generated from my organisation "FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAM" (F.S.P). I will enlighten you more of this organisation if you indicate a helping interest to secure this money on my behalf. On your acceptance to render this assistance to me to invest this fund abroad in a confidential manner until we came to a conclusion to use it to buy houses and part of it will be used for non-speculative investments in your country.However,the current civilian administration of retired General Olusegun Obasanjo(The President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria) is seeking vengeance on the Abacha family because of the life prison jail sentence confirmed on him by my late husband while in office. In pursuit of this vendetta, the present Government have resolved to freeze all known assets of General Sani Abacha including properties at home and abroad and are presently embarking on to seize the various bank accounts of my husband in Swizerland,UK,Australia. In fact, the attack on our family (The Abacha's) is so devastated to an extent of seizing our travelling passport ,family accounts and even trying some members of our family in court for offences allegedly committed by my late husband.

In view of this grievous threat to our Economic and personal survival, our family trustee have secretly protected the will ,The Security Company has called me to do something about claiming this consignment because of the demurrage it is incurring and I told them we would come and claim it very soon. but my son seriously advised me to move the fund into an overseas accuount, hence the reason why I have chosen you and hope that you will come to my full assistance and unlimited co-operation. In the meantime, there is a travelling embargo on us(the whole family members) and our local accounts are seized. We are currently living on goodwill of people who believe we annot be held responsible for the sins of my late husband. In view of this plight, I expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to respond to this distressed call to save me and my children from a hopeless future. And if you agree to help, we will compensate you sincerely for your candid effort in this regard with 25% of the total amount of $8 Million US Dollars. In that case,when the money ($8 Million) is moved into your discrete account, you will be allowed to withdraw 25% in your favour ,while 10% has been set aside for any expenses you might incur or tax as your government may require . The remaining 65% will be invested meaningfully for my children's future. My cousin (Dr.yemi musa) has perfected arrangements with the Trust Company concerned and has been assured 100% risk free and safe operation. What I demand from you now is to arrange to visit the Finance Company where this money is being deposited and claim it as the bona-fide owner. And in due course, all contacts must be made through cousin Dr yemi musa whom is presently staying in Senegal through this E-mail: ma23200210@zipmail.com.br and ma232002@box.az and phone:+221-5478858.I look forward to your quick response while thanking you for your co-operation. In view of all above details, I request you to keep this letter and co-operation highly confidential.

Best wishes,

MRS. MARIAM ABACHA
pls reply to ma232002@box.az</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>