<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.164" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authentication-Warning" content="servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to donatusokobi@universal.pt using -f" />
<meta name="subject" content="I sincerely write to seek your co-operation and trust." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Donatus Okobi&quot; &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Donatus Okobi &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-05T14:51:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="donatusokobi@universal.pt" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="donatusokobi@universal.pt" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="donatusokobi@universal.pt" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="donatusokobi@universal.pt" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-ipaddress" content="213.255.211.160" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.164" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="donatus_okobi@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-IPAddress" content="213.255.211.160" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="7.268 (*******) NIGERIAN_BODY1 URG_BIZ CU_HELO_NAME CU_NO_RDNS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="donatus_okobi@excite.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I sincerely write to seek your co-operation and trust." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authentication-warning" content="servicos.te.pt: apache set sender to donatusokobi@universal.pt using -f" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200502051451.j15Epgtf012869@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Donatus Okobi&quot; &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Donatus Okobi &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Donatus Okobi&quot; &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Donatus Okobi &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-05T14:51:42Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-05T14:51:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="NeoMail 1.22" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="7.268 (*******) NIGERIAN_BODY1 URG_BIZ CU_HELO_NAME CU_NO_RDNS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb  5 09:54:03 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200502051451.j15Epgtf012869@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Donatus Okobi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Donatus Okobi&quot; &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Donatus Okobi &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="NeoMail 1.22" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1410" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Donatus Okobi &lt;donatusokobi@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200502051451.j15Epgtf012869@servicos.te.pt&gt;" />
<title>I sincerely write to seek your co-operation and trust.</title>
</head>
<body><p>I sincerely write to seek your co-operation and trust.
&gt;From the desk of 
Mr.Donatus Okobi, 
Email ;donatus_okobi@excite.com 
Senior manager, 
Bills and Exchange, 
Nill Bank of Nigeria PLC, 
Lagos, Nigeria. 

Reply To: donatus_okobi@excite.com 

Attn:  
Dear Friend, 

I sincerely write to seek your co-operation and trust to enable my 
colleagues and I carry out an urgent business opportunity in my 
department. 

I work with the Nill Bank of Nigeria PLC; currently I am the senior 
manager of bills and exchange at the foreign remittance department of 
my bank. I was the account officer to one Mr. Ali B. Ashan who died 
along  with his family on the 8th of November 1997 in an ADC Boeing 727 
plane crash at Egirin River. All 141 passengers on board were feared 
dead. 

He left in his domiciliary account the total sum of $25.5m,{Twenty 
Five  million, five hundred thousand USA Dollars}. Since the management 
got  the information of his death we have been expecting any of his 
relation 
or his next of kin to come up and claim his money. 

Unfortunately, From the day of his death till the time of this letter  
none of his relation or friends has come up for the claim.The banking  
and financial law of Nill Bank of Nigeria PLC stipulates that if such  
fund remained unclaimed after a period of (7)seven years, it will be 
transferred into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill. On this discovery 
sir, I and two other senior staffs now decided to do business with you 
and  release the money to you as the next of kin to Mr. Ali B. Ashan 
for  safety and subsequent disbursement. I will soon proceed for my 
retirement  leave this year, and I personally do not want this fund to 
be  transferred into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill. That is why I 
wanted the 
fund to be move out of the bank before I proceed on my retirement from 
the banking services by December 15th 2005. 

The need for a foreigner as next of kin in this project is occasioned  
by the fact that the customer Mr. Ali B. Ashan was a foreigner and a  
Nigerian cannot stand as his next of kin or heir. We have agreed that 
30%  of the Fund would be for you as foreign partner; thereafter my 
colleague and I will visit your country for disbursement according to 
the 
percentages indicated. 

To enable the immediate transfer of the fund into your nominated 
account, you will first apply to the bank as the next of kin of the 
deceased, indicating your bank account number and location where in the 
money will be remitted. Upon receipt of your acknowledgement indicating 
your interest, I will send to you the text of the application that you 
will  send to the Nill Bank of Nigeria PLC authority for an approval to 
submit  your claims. Send your reply through my direct and Private: 
donatus_okobi@excite.com  

Indicate your direct Fax and telephone numbers for effective 
communication that this transaction needs. Do not reply through the 
Nill Bank email address because it's belonged to the senior staffs for 
public use. 

Please note that you are not to appear in person, as everything 
regarding this project will be strictly on documentations and every 
banking  documents needed for this transaction will be taken care of by 
myself. 

Looking forward to urgently hearing from you. 

Yours Faithfully, 
Mr.Donatus Okobi
PLEASE REPLY ME ON MY ALLTERNATIVE EMAIL:donatus_okobi@excite.com


</p>

</body></html>