<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="SERVICES REQUIRED." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO&quot; &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="victoroyofo@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-06T14:44:35Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;JI.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="attachment; filename=&quot;JI.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="senator_victoroyofo2005@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="===_SecAtt_000_1fvbxiyyxjipcy" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="senator_victoroyofo2005@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SERVICES REQUIRED." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200502061444.j16Eidc9003008@burn2.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO&quot; &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO&quot; &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-06T14:44:35Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;JI.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-06T14:44:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Feb  6 09:44:44 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200502061444.j16Eidc9003008@burn2.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO&quot; &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1412" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO &lt;victoroyofo@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200502061444.j16Eidc9003008@burn2.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>SERVICES REQUIRED.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>DEAR SIR/MADAM

This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the
fact that we have not met.The message could be strange
but real if you pay some attention to it. Please
accept my sincere apologies.In bringing this message
of goodwill to you, I have to say that I have no
intention of causing you any pains.

My name is SENATOR VICTOR OYOFO,representing Edo North
FederalConstituency,(&lt;http://www.nigeria.gov.ng/government/Nationalass.htm).member&gt;, Pension Funds Committee in the senate of the Federal Republic Of Nigeria. I am writing you to earnestly Solicit your assistance in helping to
receive some sum of money. I got your e-mail address
on the Internet while searching for a reliable and
reputable person to handle this transaction.

THE PROPOSITION: We have the sum of US$25,200,000.00
(Twenty Five Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars)
that we intend to transfer overseas through the
assistance of a foreign partner.This money came as a
result of the unclaimed pension funds belonging to a
British expatriate petroleum engineer with the
Nigerian National Gas Company,Engr.John Bruno. After
all other pensioners have been paid their
entitlements, we deposited this unclaimed sum of
US$25,200,000.00,with the Debt Management Committee.
In a bid to make sure Engr.John Bruno gets his due,I
sent a routine notification to his forwarding address
but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder
and finally we discovered from his contract employers,
the Nigerian Gas Company that Engr.John Bruno died,
from an automobile accident.

On further investigation, I found out that he died
without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his
next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further
investigation and discovered that Engr.John Bruno did
not declare any kin or relations in all his official
documents. This sum of US$25,200,000.00 is still
sitting in an account of the Debt Management Committee
and the interest is being rolled over with the
principal sum at the end of each year.No one will ever
come forward to claim it. According to Nigerian Law,at
the expiration of 2 (two) years,the money will revert
to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody
applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal
is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as
the next of kin to Engr.John Bruno so that the fruits
of this old man's labour will not get into the hands
of some corrupt government officials.

This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately
your full names,address,telephone and fax numbers so
that I can prepare the necessary documents and
affidavits that will put you in place as the next of
kin to Engr Bruno. Upon this,we would then obtain the
letter of probate/administration in your favor from a
Federal High Court.A bank account in any part of the
world that you will provide will then facilitate the
transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next
of kin. The money will be paid into your account for
us to share in the ratio of 65% for me and my
partners,30% for you and 5% for any expences
incured,during the course of this transaction.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done at the high court and my
position as a member of the Committee guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction.The fund
shall be transferred to you legally in accordance to
all laid down procedures governing transfer of funds.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via my
email address. Upon your response, I shall then
provide you with more details and relevant documents
that will help you understand the transaction.Please
observe utmost confidentiality,and rest assured that
this transaction would be most profitable for both of
us because I shall require your assistance to invest
my share in your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply via my email address.

Thanks and regards,

Sen.Victor Oyofo.

</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p />
</div>
</body></html>