<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-dir" content="ca-vn.net:/public_html" />
<meta name="subject" content="HOW DO YOU DO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aw11022@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="adamwinpoe@web-mail.com.ar" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HOW DO YOU DO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1Cy5IN-0005YK-Af@diogo.servidores-web.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-07T09:35:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-07T09:35:03Z" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb  7 04:58:05 2005" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1Cy5IN-0005YK-Af@diogo.servidores-web.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="winpoe" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1Cy5IN-0005YK-Af@diogo.servidores-web.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.usatoday.com/news/world/2003-07-15-" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-07T09:35:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-liberia_x.htmhttp" content="//www.unwire.org/UNWire/20030716/449_6621.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-args" content="/usr/local/apache/bin/httpd -DSSL " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Primary Hostname - diogo.servidores-web.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Original Domain - UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [99 32003] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Sender Address Domain - yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="winpoe &lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Primary Hostname - diogo.servidores-web.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Original Domain - UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [99 32003] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Sender Address Domain - yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Dir" content="ca-vn.net:/public_html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aw11022@yahoo.co.in&gt; Kindly include your Private Telephone and Fax numbers where you can always be reach, Your Residential or Company Address to enable me send some other important information across to you." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Args" content="/usr/local/apache/bin/httpd -DSSL " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1414" />
<title>HOW DO YOU DO</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Mr. Adam Winpoe.
Bojanala House,
90 Protea Road,
Chislehurston,
Johannesburg
2196.
South Africa.
Email: adamwinpoe@web-mail.com.ar


Kindly accept my apology for sending unsolicited mail to you.  Although we have never met before but I have every reason to believe that you are a highly respected personality, considering the fact that I sourced your profile from a human resource profile database on your country. Though, I do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in Liberia but it has formed insistent headlines in the CNN, BBC news bulletins, My name is Mr. Adam Winpoe from Liberia, a Country in West Africa. My Uncle is MR JOHN Y. WINPOE, former DEPUTY MINISTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY in LIBERIA. My uncle was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then PRESIDENT OF LIBERIA (CHARLES TAYLOR) from office. Without trial, Charles Taylor killed him. 

You can verify this from your country. You can also check in some of the international newspapers posted in the web sites below:
http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2003-07-15-
Liberia_x.htmhttp://www.unwire.org/UNWire/20030716/449_6621.asp

Before he was killed, my uncle instructed me to escape with his family to a hide out in JOHANNESBOURG SOUTH AFRICA, and he confined on me that he left some money in a Diplomatic Trust Company in Abroad, (name withheld for security reasons) he handed me over a certificate meant for a secret Deposit, which he made in the Security Company. If you may ask why do I need a foreign assistance or why can't I take the cash transfer and myself? The answer is that there was an exclusion clause in the original agreement between the company and my uncle which states unambiguously that 'nobody, not even himself, can have access to the consignment in the company, and it has to  be transferred to a foreign beneficiary outside Africa. This was done because he envisaged   his arrest and this clause were inserted to prevent any seizure or infiltration of the fund.

My decision to contact you is therefore, informed by this and due to my present social status and total ignorance of the business world. I believe you will appreciate the enormity of trust I repose on you by placing the fortunes of our family in your care. Permit me to request that you should reassure me that you would not let me down in any way. On my part, this is my assurance and guarantee to you. In as much as you follow my instructions carefully, religiously and promptly my guarantee of a hitch-free success remains unshakable. I have contacted the Diplomatic Security Firm to confirm the deposit, which is worth $21.5Million,(Twenty-One Million Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars Only) which I presumed my uncle made from the purchase of arms and ammunitions for the Liberia Army.

You will be given 20% of the total sum at the end of the transaction. If you will be willing to assist us claim the money and invest it in your country. I want to assure you that all modalities are in place and it is a risk free transaction. Kindly confirm in your reply if you can come over to enable us conclude this transaction.

 Kindly include your Private Telephone and Fax numbers where you can always be reach, Your Residential or Company Address to enable me send some other important information across to you.

This proposal is highly restricted and should be handled as an urgent transaction requiring trust and Confidentiality.

Thanks while looking forward to hearing from you urgently.


Thank you.

Sincerely,

Mr. Adam Winpoe
For the Family.




___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at - http://www.ca-vn.net


</p>

</body></html>