<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Assist Plz." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Raymond Lauder&quot; &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Raymond Lauder &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-09T10:13:58Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ron_lauder201@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ron_lauder201@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Assist Plz." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200502091014.j19AEIkO029553@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Raymond Lauder&quot; &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Raymond Lauder &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Raymond Lauder&quot; &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Raymond Lauder &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-09T10:13:58Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-09T10:13:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb  9 05:14:27 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200502091014.j19AEIkO029553@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Raymond Lauder" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Raymond Lauder&quot; &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Raymond Lauder &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1427" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Raymond Lauder &lt;rlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200502091014.j19AEIkO029553@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Assist Plz.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attention Plz.,

My name is Mr. R. Lauder, a member of Independent Committee of Eminent Persons (ICEP), Switzerland. ICEP is charged with the responsibility of finding bank accounts in Switzerland belonging to non-Swiss indigenes, which have remained dormant since World War II. It may interest you to know that in July of 1997, the Swiss Banker's Association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by non-Swiss citizens. These accounts had been dormant since the end of World War II (May 9, 1945). Most belonged to Holocaust victims. The continuing efforts of the Independent Committee of Eminent Persons (ICEP) have since resulted in the discovery of additional dormant accounts - 54,000 in December, 1999. The published lists contain all types of dormant accounts, including interest-bearing savings accounts, securities accounts, safe deposit boxes, custody accounts, and non-interest-bearing transaction accounts. Numbered accounts are also included. Interest is paid on accounts that were interest bearing when established.

Note, the Claims Resolution Tribunal (CRT) handles processing of all claims on accounts due non-Swiss citizens. A dormant account of ORDNER ADELE with a credit balance of 35,000,000 US dollar plus accumulated interest was discovered by me. The beneficiary was murdered during the holocaust era, leaving no WILL and no possible records for trace of heirs. The Claims Resolution Tribunal has been mandated to report all unclaimed funds for permanent closure of accounts and transfer of existing credit balance into the treasury of Switzerland government as provided by the law for management of assets of deceased beneficiaries who died interstate (living no wills).
Being a top executive at ICEP, I have all secret details and necessary contacts for claim of the funds without any hitch. Through well-secured channels,I have the ability to flit away the funds into a bank in the Cayman Island, being a tax free, safe haven for funds of this nature.And to further obliterate any atom of trace to the fund, once in The Cayman Islands,I will relocate the funds to France through same well-secured established channel.
Due to the sensitive nature of my job, I need a foreigner to HELP claim the funds from France. All that is required is for you to provide me with your details for processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim documents for transfer of the funds in your name.And we share the funds.

Kindly provide me with your full names, address, and telephone/fax. I will pay all required fees to ensure that the fund is transferred to France securely, from where you will be capable of accessing the funds gradually and transferring to your country and other banks of choice in the world. My share will be 60 percent and your share is 40 percent of the total amount. THERE IS NO RISK INVOLVED.
You can find additional information about unclaimed funds through the internet at the following websites:
www.swissbankclaims.com &lt;http://www.swissbankclaims.com/&gt;
&lt;http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/&gt;
www.avotaynu.com &lt;http://www.avotaynu.com/&gt;
www.icheic.org &lt;http://www.icheic.org/&gt;
www.livingheirs.com &lt;http://www.livingheirs.com/&gt;
www.wiesenthal.com &lt;http://www.wiesenthal.com/&gt;

The Holocaust Claims Processing Office has put funds in Escrow awaiting submission of valid claims for necessary disbursement. I find myself privileged to have this information and this may be a great opportunity for a life time of success without risks.
Due to security reasons, reply to me via email only on my alternative email id below.
ronlauder210@yahoo.co.uk &lt;mailto:ronlauder210@yahoo.co.uk&gt;
Thank you for your prompt response.

Lauder R.




</p>

</body></html>