<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REPLY  SOON." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF.&quot; &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF. &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-14T08:31:35Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="24dfe8f8-5930-431c-abb5-ecf874e7abe7" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="haithamharaff@arabtop.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPLY  SOON." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20050214082429.EDAAEC03F@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF.&quot; &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF. &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF.&quot; &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF. &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-website" content="http://www.s-t.com/daily/11-99/11-02-99/d08ho174.htm" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-14T08:31:35Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-14T08:31:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb 14 03:31:46 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20050214082429.EDAAEC03F@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF.&quot; &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF. &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1442" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="FROM MR HAITHAM SHARAF. &lt;sharaff0@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20050214082429.EDAAEC03F@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>REPLY  SOON.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR HAITHAM SHARAF.
BRANCH MANAGER OF NATIONAL BANK OF ABU DHABI
UNITED ARAB EMIRATE (U.A.E)ABU DHABI,
EMAIL:haithamharaff@arabtop.net


DEAR,



I am Mr. Haitham Sharaf Branch Manager National Bank of Abu Dhabi),I
have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.A
British Oil consultant and contractor with the Kruger Gold Company,
Mr. Raymond Beckmade a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve
calendarmonths,valued at US$12,000,000.00 (Twelve Million Dollars)
in my branch.Upon maturity,



I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
After a month,we sent an reminder and finally we discovered
from his contract employers,the Kruger Gold Company that
Mr. Raymond Beck died in a plane crash along with his wife
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond &amp; Dorene Beckin Egypt Air Flight 990, 1999 air crash
(for more information about this crash and person you can contact this
website: http://www.s-t.com/daily/11-99/11-02-99/d08ho174.htm


Since we got this information about his death and on further
investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL,
and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.
I therefore made further investigation and discovered that
Mr. Raymond Beck did not declare any kin or relations inall
his official documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork
in my Bank.



This sum of US$12,000,000.00 is still sitting
in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the
principal sum at the end of each year.No one will ever come
forward to claim it.According to Laws of United Arab Emirates
, at the expiration of 7 (seven) years, the money will
revert to the ownership of the ( U.A.E ) Government if
nobody applies to claim the fund.


Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to
stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Raymond Beck so that the fruits
of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of
some corrupt government officials.


This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately
your full names and address so that the attorney will
prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that
will put you in place as the next of kin.


We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting
and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary
documents and letter of probate/administration in your
favor for the transfer. A bank account inany part of
the world that you will provide will then facilitate
the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary
/next of kin.The money will be paid into your account
for us to share in the ratio of60% for me and 40% for
you.



There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the attorney and my position
as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution
of this transaction.If you are interested, please reply
immediately via the private email address above. Upon
your response, I shall then provide you with more
details and relevant documents that will help you
understand the transaction.



Please send me your confidential telephone and fax
numbers for easy communication.Please observe utmost
confidentiality, and rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of
us because I shall require your assistance to
invest my share in your country.


Awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email address
haithamsharaff1@arabtop.net

Regards


Mr. Haitham Sharaf,</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>