<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASKING FOR ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="john bongani." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-14T10:32:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASKING FOR ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tell" content="27-735-638-240" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200502141032.j1EAWHWp000766@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="john bongani." />
<meta name="creator" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="john bongani." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-14T10:32:13Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-14T10:32:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johnbongani12@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="PRESIDENT/CEO " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb 14 05:32:21 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johnbongani12@netscape.net&gt; I know you will be surprised to read from me, but please consider this as a request from a family i dire need of assistance.First, I must introduc myself. I a MR. john bongani. from Angola. I am the first and only son of BRIGADIER bongani JONES. I am presently resident in South Africa." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200502141032.j1EAWHWp000766@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="john bongani." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="john bongani." />
<meta name="Author" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1443" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="johnbongani12@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200502141032.j1EAWHWp000766@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>ASKING FOR ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: john bongani.
TELL: 27-735-638-240

ATTN:PRESIDENT/CEO 

   I know you will be surprised to read from me, but please consider this as a request from a family i dire need of assistance.First, I must introduc myself. I a MR. john bongani. from Angola. I am the first and only son of BRIGADIER bongani JONES. I am presently resident in South Africa.

I got your contact address from a business directory in Johannesburg Chamber of commerce and Industry. On behalf of my widowed mother MRS. ELIZABETH bongani, I desided to solicit for your assistance to transfer the sum of US$21.5 MILLION( TWENTY ONE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS)inherited from my late father, into your personal/ company's account.
Before my fathers' death, he was a Brigadier in charge of Arms and Ammunation procurement for the Angola Army. In his WILL, he specifically drew my attention
to the said sum of money which he deposited in a safe box of a private Security Company in Johannesburg- South Africa in a treasure box, fully documented in my
name.

IN FACT MY FATHER SAID AND I QUOTE

'MY BELOVED SON, I WISH TO DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO US$21.5 MILLION . I DEPOSITED THE BOX CONTAINING THIS MONEY IN A SECURITY COMPANY IN JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA. DURING THE WAR, I WAS VERY DEDICATED AND OFFICERS AND GOVERNMENT FUNCTIONARIES WERE BUSSY HELPING THEMSELVES WITH GOVERNMENT FUNDS AND PROPERTIES AND SENDING THEM TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES. DUE TO THIS, WHEN I AND MY FORMER SPECIAL ADVISOR TO THE PRESIDENT WERE ASSIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT (EDUARDO SANTOS) TO PURCHASE ARMS IN SOUTH AFRICA, WE SAW THIS AS A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY AND DIVERTED THE MONEY AND DIVIDED IT. i GOT A TOTAL SUM OF US$21.5 MILLION. IN
CASE OF MY ABSENCE ON EARTH, AS A RESULT OF DEATH ONLY, YOU SHOULD SOLICIT FOR THE FUND FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES.'

&gt;From the above, you will understand that the lives and future of my family depens on this money, as such I will be grateful if you can assist us. We are now living in South Africa as political Asylum seekers and financial laws and regulation of the Republic of South Africa do not permit us financial rights to such huge sum of money. In view of this, I cannot invest this fund in South africa, hence i am prepared to offer you 20% of the total fund, while 10% will be set aside for local and international expenses and 70% will be for my family and me.

Finally, modalities on howthe transfer will be bone will be conveyed to you once we have established trust and confidence between ourselves. Please treat this matter as very urgent.


Best regards,

john bongani
 





</p>

</body></html>