<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="NAPIMS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;GENERAL VICTOR MALU&quot; &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="GENERAL VICTOR MALU &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="genvm4@jenbach.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-17T09:45:21Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain ; CHARSET=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="--Boundary-=_b18ab32eaa9900a93de0785054972295" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="genv_malu@123mail.cl" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="NAPIMS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1D1iDp-0007kA-00@neue-erde.edis.at&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;GENERAL VICTOR MALU&quot; &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="GENERAL VICTOR MALU &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;GENERAL VICTOR MALU&quot; &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="GENERAL VICTOR MALU &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-17T09:45:21Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain ; CHARSET=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-17T09:45:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;www-data@edis.at&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="b1gMail (www.b1g.info)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-vision" content="To be a world class oil investment management outfit." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb 17 04:50:19 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;www-data@edis.at&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1D1iDp-0007kA-00@neue-erde.edis.at&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="GENERAL VICTOR MALU" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;GENERAL VICTOR MALU&quot; &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="GENERAL VICTOR MALU &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="b1gMail (www.b1g.info)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1446" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="GENERAL VICTOR MALU &lt;genvm4@jenbach.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1D1iDp-0007kA-00@neue-erde.edis.at&gt;" />
<title>NAPIMS</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM THE DESK OF : GENERAL VICTOR MALU
NATIONAL PETROLEUM INVESTMENTS
MANAGEMENT SERVICES (NAPIMS),
FEDERAL SECRETARIATE COMPLEX,
MAITAMA SULE, ABUJA F.C.T.
email: genv_malu@123mail.cl

ATTENTION : DEAR FRIEND,

The Petroleum Investment Management Services (NAPIMS) in the
Exploration &amp; Production (E&amp;P) Directorate is the Upstream arm of NNPC that
oversees the Federation investments in the Joint Venture Companies
(JVCs),Production Sharing Companies (PSCs) and Services Contract Companies  (SCC).

NAPIMS is, therefore, set up to earn margin arising from investments in
the JVCs, PSCs and SCs with the multinationals and also protect the
nation's strategic interests in the JVCs.In addition, NAPIMS engages in
frontier exploration services in basins where the multinationals hesitate
to
venture, like the Chad Basin.

Vision: To be a world class oil investment management outfit.

Mission Statement: To optimize the benefits accruing to the Federation
from its investments in the Upstream Sector of the Petroleum (Oil &amp;
Gas) Industry.

Major Strategic Roles of NAPIMS:

To maximize Petroleum Profit Tax (PPT) and guarantee a higher Margin
(Rate of Return) on Investment, through efficient cost monitoring
reduction mechanisms.To ensure that a reserve base is maintained and reserve
addition targets are attained. These are:30 billion barrels by year 2002
and 40 billion barrels by year 2010.
To ensure increased production capacity from the current 2.5 2n barrels
of oil per day (bopd) to 3 million (bopd)by year 2003 and 4 million
bopd by year 2010 .
To encourage gas utilization and commercialization
To promote local content input in engineering and construction,
supplies and materials utilization through in country technological
capability.
To enhance Nigerianization in the industry and facilitate technology
transfer.
To promote maximum co operation in communities of oil and gas producing
areas as well as ensure that environmental protection do as are
strictly maintained.

As an executive director of the above named agency I am involved in the
award of major contracts to foreign contractors.
One of the numerous contracts we awarded was to refurbish our moribund
four national refineries. However, they are still not working to 100%
capacity utilization. This has resulted in serious crisis in the oil
industry and necessitated in the price increases of petroleum products.

There has been mounting pressure on the Nigerian government to probe
the NNPC and its subsidiaries. As a matter of fact the National assembly
has already started this probe exercise. To avoid the imminent shakeup,
which has already taken its toll on the former Group Managing Director
of
Nigeria National Petroleum Resources(Dr. Jackson Gaius-Obaseki), has
been dismissed from office and has been replaced by Mr. Funsho
Kupo-lokun, from the aftermath of this forgoing. I am looking for foreign
investor I could front as partner. This investor will assist us invest the sum of
US$59.5M (FIFTY NINE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS).
Please if interested, get back to me with my above private email so that I could discuss further details and modality of the transaction with you.

I thank you.

Sicerely,
Gen. Victor Malu (RTD)






_________________________________________________________________
Gesendet mit WEBMAIL - www.jenbach.net
</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>