<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="MRS LINDA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lindasule_11@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-23T12:48:20Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MRS LINDA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-23T12:48:20Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-23T12:48:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 23 07:48:24 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="linda sule" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1458" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="linda sule &lt;lindasule_11@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<title>MRS LINDA</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MRS LINDA SULE 
Hello,
Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into
business relationship with you. I believe you are a
reputable and responsible and trustworthy person I
cando business with from the little information so far
gathered about you during my search for a partner and
by matter of trust I must not hesitate to confide in
you for this simple and sincere business. 

I am MRS LINDA SULE  the only Wife of late MR SIMON
SULE, my husband was assassinated by therebels during
their attacked in our country cote d´ivoire and took
over our town BOUAKE. 
I ran to Abidjan the economical capital of cote d
ivoire from were I am contacting you. Before the
deathof my husband he told me that he has a sum of usd
$24,000,000 (twenty-four million united statesdollars)
kept in a private security company in Cote d' Ivoire
in the name of my only son as the next as the of kin.
in the capacity of the next of kin, I am contactingyou
with due sence of humanity and responsibility and with
few awareness that you will give ita sympatheticand
mutual consideration. 
Now that we are in Abidjan and verified the
transacting, we need your assistance to help us move
this funds out of Cote d"Ivoire for investment in your
country as we cannot invest here due to our  country
and the war still going on there. 
By this mail, you are now requested to arrange a visit
down to Abidjan so that we shall know our selves and
arrange on how to transfer this money to your country.

But if you can not come down, then let have your full
details so that I will plan on how to transfer
thismoney out of Africa immediately for investment in
yourcountry. 
There is need for urgent actions because I pay US$50
daily as demurrage to the security company for keeping
this consignments. Your services will also be required
on advising us forproper investment programs in your
country after this transfer is concluded. 
This is subject to my acceptances of  charges you
required. Please treatthis issue as confidential
andcontact me immediately with the above yahoo private
e-mail address mrssulel@yahoo.fr for more information
about this transaction. 
Reply me this message immediately. Thanks, Wishing 
you God richest blessing 
Yours Faithfully 
Mrs. Linda SULE 




	

	
		
Découvrez le nouveau Yahoo! Mail : 250 Mo d'espace de stockage pour vos mails ! 
Créez votre Yahoo! Mail sur http://fr.mail.yahoo.com/


</p>

</body></html>