<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 9.9  Required: 6 " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.26 (www . roaringpenguin . com / mimedefang)" />
<meta name="subject" content="***SPAM*** Please respond  !!!!! " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="DEAR_FRIEND,DEAR_SOMEBODY,FORGED_AOL_RCVD,LINES_OF_YELLING,LINES_OF_YELLING_2,ONLY_COST,PLING_PLING,SPAM_PHRASE_05_08,US_DOLLARS,US_DOLLARS_3,X_PRIORITY_HIGH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR WILLIAMS DANIEL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-03-05T16:03:24Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 9.9  Required: 6" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.26 (www . roaringpenguin . com / mimedefang)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="DEAR_FRIEND,DEAR_SOMEBODY,FORGED_AOL_RCVD,LINES_OF_YELLING,LINES_OF_YELLING_2,ONLY_COST,PLING_PLING,SPAM_PHRASE_05_08,US_DOLLARS,US_DOLLARS_3,X_PRIORITY_HIGH " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="***SPAM*** Please respond  !!!!! " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200303051602.h25G2s1L017756@smtp.eecs.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="MR WILLIAMS DANIEL" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR WILLIAMS DANIEL" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-03-05T16:03:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-03-05T16:03:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;williams.daniel3@k.ro&gt;	by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h25G3SB13726	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 5 Mar 2003 11:03:28 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook IMO Build 9.0.2416 (9.0.2910.0)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar  5 11:03:38 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;williams.daniel3@k.ro&gt; by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h25G3SB13726 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 5 Mar 2003 11:03:28 -0500 (EST)  " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200303051602.h25G2s1L017756@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="Williams Daniel &lt;williams.daniel3@k.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR WILLIAMS DANIEL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="Williams Daniel &lt;williams.daniel3@k.ro&gt; " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR WILLIAMS DANIEL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook IMO Build 9.0.2416 (9.0.2910.0)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-146" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200303051602.h25G2s1L017756@smtp.eecs.UM&gt; " />
<title>***SPAM*** Please respond  !!!!! </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR WILLIAMS DANIEL

DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO.

REPLY TO EMAIL ADDRESS:   williamsd3@rediffmail.com

Dear Friend,
 
SEEKING YOUR IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE.
Please Permit me to make your acquaintance in so
informal a manner. This is necessitated by my urgent
need to reach a dependable and trust wordy foreign
partner. This request may seem strange and
unsolicited but I will crave your indulgence and pray
that you view it seriously. My name is MR Williams Daniel of the Democratic Republic of Congo and One of the
close aides to the former President of the Democratic
Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed
memory, may his soul rest in peace.
 
Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to
force out the rebels in my country, I and some of my
colleagues were instructed by Late President Kabila
to  go abroad to purchase arms and ammunition worth of
Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States
Dollars only (US$20,500,000.00) to fight the rebel
group. But when President Kabila was killed in a
bloody shoot-out by one of his aide a day before we
were schedule to travel out of Congo, We immediately 
decided to divert the fund into a private security
company here in Congo for safe keeping. The security
of the said amount is presently being threatened here
following the arrest and seizure of properties of Col.
Rasheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila)
a tribesman, and some other Military Personnel from
our same tribe, by the new President of the Democratic
Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent
Kabila, Joseph Kabila. 
In view of this, we need a reliable and trustworthy
foreign partner who can assist us to move this money
out of my country as the beneficiary.
WE have sufficient ''CONTACTS'' to move the fund under
Diplomatic Cover to a security company in the europe
in your name. This is to ensure that the Diplomatic
Baggage is marked ''CONFIDENTIAL'' and it  will not
pass through normal custom/airport screening and
clearance.
Our inability to move this money out of Congo all
This while lies on our lack of trust on our supposed
good friends (western countries) who suddenly became
hostile to those of us who worked with the late
President Kabila, immediately after his son took
office. Though we have neither seen nor met each
other, the information We gathered from an associate
who has worked in your country has encouraged and
convinced us that with your sincere assistance, this
transaction will be properly handled with modesty
and honesty to a huge success within two weeks. The
said money is a state fund and therefore requires a
total confidentiality.
Thus, if you are willing to assist us move this fund
out of Congo, you can contact me through my email
address above with your telephone, fax number and
personal information to enable us discuss the
modalities and what will be your share
(percentage) for assisting us.
I must use this opportunity and medium to implore You
to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this Matter
extraordinarily confidential, Whatever your Decision,
while I await your prompt response. Thank you and
GodBless.
 
Best Regards
MR WILLIAMS DANIEL

</p>

</body></html>