<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;emmanuel briggs&quot; &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="emmanuel briggs &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-23T18:15:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="bemmanuel_citibank@omnimail.sm" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Vwebmail-Auth" content="emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro@localhost" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;icdmpj.cixbul@mail.prosport.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="bemmanuel_citibank@omnimail.sm" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="SEEKING FOR PARTNERSHIP FOR INHERITANCE FUND OF $10.5MUSD." />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;icdmpj.cixbul@mail.prosport.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;emmanuel briggs&quot; &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="emmanuel briggs &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;emmanuel briggs&quot; &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="emmanuel briggs &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-23T18:15:19Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-23T18:15:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-vwebmail-auth" content="emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro@localhost" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="pro-webmail v1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 23 12:21:24 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="emmanuel briggs" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;emmanuel briggs&quot; &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="emmanuel briggs &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="pro-webmail v1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1460" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="emmanuel briggs &lt;emmanuel_citibank@prsp.ro&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;icdmpj.cixbul@mail.prosport.ro&gt;" />
<title>COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON</title>
</head>
<body><p>PLEASE REPLY VIA THIS E-MAIL: bemmanuel_citibank@omnimail.sm

RE: SEEKING FOR PARTNERSHIP FOR INHERITANCE FUND OF $10.5MUSD.

Dear Friend,
My name is MR EMMANUL BRIGGS. I am a staff of CITIBANK NA, LAGOS-NIGERIA
in Africa with our head office in USA. I work in the operations dept
where I serve as account officer to numerous customers. One of the
customers whom I worked as his account officer was a wealthy diamond
merchandise. He lost his family, a wife and two children in a plane
crash.

Because this man was good to me when he was alive, I took it upon myself
last month, to search if I could locate any of his close relations. But
my efforts were abortive so I did not present any official report of my
findings to the bank.

Now there are two things I could do with regards to the dead mans money.
First, as his accounts officer, I could formally notify the bank
authorities that the man is dead and has no next of kin. In this case
the money would be forfeited to the government treasury. As a matter of
fact this is the proper thing I am supposed to do.

Another thing I can do is to arrange for someone else, a foreigner, to
act as the next of kin to the late man so that he will claim the money. 
This is the option that I can do to help anybody and myself since the
money actually is now a public fund due to the fact that my friend was a
close ally to the late brutal military president that looted government
treasury and that is why I have chosen to do it. I want you to be my
partner in this deal. I will be investing most of my share into real
estate business.

All you would have to do is act as the next of kin of the dead man and
the whole money in the account will be transferred to your account after
due process. 
As the accounts officer to the late man, I have certificate of the
deposit of the fund here our custody and I will also through a local
attorney that I will hire, secure all the necessary
documents that will empower you legally to claim the money from the
account. The funds will be paid to you as inheritance money.

The total deposit made in the account is USD10.5 million. We shall
discuss and agree further on the percentage sharing ratio for both of us
and this will be drafted and seal with an agreement letter on black and
white that will bind both of us and guarantee our shares. 
Note that upon completion of the legal paper work that will make the
deal legitimate for you to claim the money as the next of Kin here, the
final transfer will be made to your authorize bank account through our
correspondent bank in America (CITIBANK FSB MIAMI FOLRIDA or CITIBANK
LONDON).

All the approved documents and the wiring instructions will be fax to
you for your documentation and to enable you approach your bank for
confirmation. 
If you found this proposal worthy enough to benefit, please furnish me
urgently with the followings to enable us apply officially for the claim
immediately.
(1) YOUR FULL NAMES AND ADDRESS.
(2) YOUR AUTHORISED BANKING DETAILS
(3) YOUR PRIVATE TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS AND EMAIL ADDRESS.
Please reach me immediately on the above email address to furnish you
more details of operation and the modalitie. Above all, please handle
this deal with maturity and absolute confidentiality
I wish you a prosperous New Year.

Thanks and God bless you.

Regards,

MR EMMANUEL BRIGGS.
PLEASE REPLY VIA THIS E-MAIL: bemmanuel_citibank@omnimail.sm

_____________________________________
This mail was sent using pro-webmail.



</p>

</body></html>