<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Good day" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;KOJO WILLIAM&quot; &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="KOJO WILLIAM &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kojow_2005@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-27T08:24:58Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;KOJO WILLIAM&quot; &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;KOJO WILLIAM&quot; &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Good day" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKv22-1D4o1b2Jxt-0006H4@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1D4o1b2Jxt-0006H4@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;KOJO WILLIAM&quot; &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="KOJO WILLIAM &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;KOJO WILLIAM&quot; &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="KOJO WILLIAM &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-27T08:24:58Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-27T08:24:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Feb 25 17:34:38 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="KOJO WILLIAM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;KOJO WILLIAM&quot; &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="KOJO WILLIAM &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1466" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="KOJO WILLIAM &lt;kojow_2005@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1D4o1b2Jxt-0006H4@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>Good day</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello,

This is confidential...

My name is Kojo William; I am 21years old from Kwame Nkrumah Street
Kasua of Accra the capital state of Ghana, West Africa. My late father
Kofi Williams was the formal bank manager of Eco-bank of Africa for
the period of ten years. The resent 26th December 2004 tsunamis
earthquake disaster of Asia that claims the life of many people also
claimed the life of my father on his December 24th trip to visit his
business partner for investment in Asia Indonesia.

just last week when I was searching through my father's brief-case, I
discovered a lot of document and one of the document reveals that my
father has deposited $10.5M (ten million and five hundred thousand
dollars) in a bank vault in Europe and my name is the next of kin.but
i and my mother has never been to Europe before, but your country is
my dream country where I will like us to invest this fund. i like your
country and i believe you are honnest and serious people when it comes
to agreement and business transaction and when it comes to striking
deals.

I am seeking for your assistance to sponsor this transaction in which
you will help me to come to Europe, so that we can meet ourselves face
to face.

This will give us the opportunity to familiarize ourselves to go
together to the bank and order them to transfer the fund to your bank
account in your country. I want you to stand for me as a proxy person
that's my late father 's foreign business partner so a s to get the
fund out of the bank and to transfer it to your bank account in your
country where we can make use of it in lucrative business investment
in your country.

My mother and I have agreed to compensate you with 20% out of the
total sum and 5% for your expenses.can't yourself lucky my dear
friend, but remember that we must strike this deals by its rules as my
mother told me that i should negotiate with a reliable person that
will help us claim this cash.

nobody should cheat or have any bad plans against eachother.

if you don't have the capacity of bringing $10.5M into your account,
then you have to look for somebody who is capable, then you will
combine with him and meet me in Europe.

The transaction is only known by you, I and my old sick mother who is
presently in the hospital because she had heart-attack immediately she
hard that my father is dead. The secrecy and confidentiality of this
transaction should be maintained. It's a secret of my life;

Indicate your fax and telephone number so that I can reach you when
necessary and for more information.you can also mail me via
"kojowilliam2005@hotmail.com"

Awaiting your urgent response.

Regards,

KOJO WILLIAM.




</p>

</body></html>