<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="DEAR FRIEND" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="salimib@wanadoo.es" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-02-26T04:39:17Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="PLEASE I WISH TO SINCERELY ADVICED THAT I CAN BE REACHED ON MY WEBMAIL ADDRESS BELOW:" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DEAR FRIEND" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20050226043917.A31B53A4458@epsilon.agava.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-02-26T04:39:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-02-26T04:39:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;frenchdf@epsilon.agava.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Feb 25 23:42:30 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;frenchdf@epsilon.agava.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20050226043917.A31B53A4458@epsilon.agava.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="salim" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1468" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="salim &lt;salimib@wanadoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20050226043917.A31B53A4458@epsilon.agava.net&gt;" />
<title>DEAR FRIEND</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Friend,

My name is SALIM IBRAHIM a merchant in Dubai, in the U.A.E. I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer. It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have only about a few months to Live, according to medical experts.

I have not particularly lived my Life so well, as I never really cared for anyone (not even myself) but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focused on 
my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all these as I now know that there are more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world.

I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I 
would live my Life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that 
God has called me, I have willed and given most of my property and 
assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few 
close friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided 
to give also to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some 
charity organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my 
health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore.

I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and 
distribute the money which I have there to charity organization in 
Bulgaria and Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to themselves. 

Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended 
with what I have left for them.

The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of $20,500,000.00(Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand U.S Dollars) that I have with a finance/Security Company abroad. I will want you to help me collect this consignment and dispatched it to charity organizations.

I have set aside 15% for you, then 5% for any expenses insured.

God be with you.

SALIM IBRAHIM

NOTE: PLEASE I WISH TO SINCERELY ADVICED THAT I CAN BE REACHED ON MY WEBMAIL ADDRESS BELOW:

salim_ib@myway.com

___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at http://frenchdog.ru/


</p>

</body></html>