<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT PARTHENERSHIP" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="Auditorcole04 &lt;auditorcole05@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT PARTHENERSHIP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200502260611.j1Q6Axdf028889@correo.direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;auditorcole04@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Direccion.com 2.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb 26 01:17:36 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;auditorcole04@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200502260611.j1Q6Axdf028889@correo.direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="Auditorcole04 &lt;auditorcole05@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Direccion.com 2.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1470" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200502260611.j1Q6Axdf028889@correo.direccion.com&gt;" />
<title>URGENT PARTHENERSHIP</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM AUDITOR
HEAD OF DEPARTMENT
BANK OF SCOTLAND
UNITED KINGDOM
25/2/2005
ATTENTION! ATTENTION! ATTENTION!
(CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS)
DEAR FRIEND
I WANT TO TRANSFER OUT (FIFTEEN-MILLION POUNDS STERLINGS) FROM OUR BANK HERE
IN SCOTLAND. I HAVE THE COURAGE TO LOOK FOR A RELIABLE AND HONEST PERSON WHO
WILL BE CAPABLE FOR THIS IMPORTANT TRANSACTION, BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL
NEVER LET ME DOWN EITHER NOW OR IN FUTURE.
I AM, DR FRANK JIM, THE AUDITOR AND COMPUTING STAFF OF A BANK HERE IN
SCOTLAND UNITED KINGDOM. THERE IS AN ACCOUNT OPENED IN THIS BANK IN 1995 AND
SINCE 2001 NOBODY HAS OPERATED ON THIS ACCOUNT AGAIN, AFTER GOING THROUGH
SOME OLD FILES IN THE RECORDS, I DISCOVERED THAT IF I DO NOT REMITT THIS
MONEY OUT URGENTLY, IT WILL BE FORFEITED FOR NOTHING.
HOW THE MONEY CAME ABOUT:
THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS MR JOHN HUGHES A FOREIGNER AND THE MANAGER OF
PETROL CHEMICAL SERVICE HERE IN LONDON, A CHEMICAL ENGINEER BY PROFESSION
AND HE DIED SINCE 1995.AND THEN,SINCE 2001, NOBODY KNOWS ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT
OR ANYTHING CONCERNING IT, THE ACCOUNT HAS NO OTHER BENEFICIARY AND MY
INVESTIGATION PROVED TO ME AS WELL THAT HIS COMPANY DOES NOT KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT INVOLVED IS (15,000,000.00) POUNDS
STERLINGS
I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGN ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I DON'T
KNOW ANY FOREIGNER, I AM ONLY CONTACTING YOU AS A FOREIGNER BECAUSE THIS
MONEY CAN NOT BE APPROVED TO ANY LOCAL BANK HERE IN SCOTLAND, BUT CAN ONLY
BE APPROVED TO ANY FOREIGN ACCOUNT BECAUSE THE MONEY IS POUNDS STERLINGS AND
THE FORMER OWNER OF THE ACCOUNT IS MR. JOHN HUGHES AND HE WAS A FOREIGNER
TOO.
WELL, I GOT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS FORM MAGAZINE ADVERT.
I KNOW THAT THIS MESSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OUR
SELF BEFORE, BUT BE SURE THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I BELIEVE
IN GOD THAT YOU WILL NEVER LET ME DOWN IN THIS INVESTMENT.
WHEN THE TRANSFER IS APPROVED AND PAYMENT SCHEDULE IS ALLOCATED
OVERSEAS,THROUGH THE OFFSHORE PAYING DELEGATE FOR FINAL CLEARANCE AND
SIGNING OF THE PAYMENT RELEASE FORM BY THE BENEFICIARY, I WANT US TO SEE AT
THE OVERSEA PAYING CLEARANCE OFFICE FACE TO FACE OR SIGNING OF THE ORIGINAL
BINDING AGREEMENT TO BIND US TOGETHER SO THAT,WE CAN RECEIVE THIS MONEY INTO
A FOREIGN ACCOUNT OR ANY ACCOUNT OF YOUR CHOICE WHERE THE FUND WILL BE
REMITTED.
I AM CONTACTING YOU BECAUSE OF THE NEED TO INVOLVE A FOREIGNER WITH A
FOREIGN ACCOUNT AS THE REAL BENEFICIARY. I NEED YOUR CO-OPERATION TO MAKE
THIS WORK FINE, BECAUSE THE MANAGEMENT IS READY TO APPROVE THIS PAYMENT TO
ANY FOREIGNER WHO HAS THE CORRECT INFORMATION TO THIS ACCOUNT,WHICH I WILL
GIVE TO YOU WHEN SURE OF YOUR CAPABILITY TO HANDLE SUCH AMOUNT IN STRICT
CONFIDENCE AND TRUST.
ACCORDING TO MY INSTRUCTIONS AND MY ADVICE FOR OUR MUTUAL BENEFIT BECAUSE I
DON'T WANT TO MAKE ANY MISTAKE, I NEED YOUR STRONG ASSURANCE AND TRUST. I
SHALL DESTROY ALL DOCUMENTS CONCERNING THIS TRANSACTIONS IMMEDIATELY WE
RECEIVED THIS MONEY LEAVING NO TRACE TO ANY PLACE.
I WILL USE MY POSITION AND INFLUENCE OF OTHER STAFFS TO EFFECT THE LEGAL
APPROVALS AND ONWARD TRANSFER OF THIS MONEY TO YOUR ACCOUNT WITH APPROPRIATE
CLEARANCE FROM FOREIGN PAYMENT DEPARTMENT. WITH ASSURANCE THAT THIS MONEY
WILL BE INTACT PENDING MY PHYSICAL ARRIVAL TO YOUR COUNTRY FOR THE SHARING
AND OTHER INVESTMENT.
PLEASE DO REPLY ME THROUGH: {auditorcole05@yahoo.com} OR YOU CALL ME WITH
TELEPHONE NUMBER {44-879292806} VERY URGENT CONTACT .
PS;You should have this as a notice,that after the
success of this transaction,you will be having
25%(i.e; 3,750,000.00 pounds sterling) as your share
and the rest of the money awaits my presence in your
country.

THANKS
SINCERELY
COMRADE
COLE....
&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;
Direccion.com&lt;br&gt;
________________________________________________&lt;br&gt;
This
mail was sent by Direccion.com 2.0



</p>

</body></html>