<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="A plea for assistance!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;thomas sarr&quot; &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="thomas sarr &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-03-01T23:26:28Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;dkfmt.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="attachment; filename=&quot;dkfmt.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sarrthom1@lycos.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="===_SecAtt_000_1fhfhvqkyjdoqm" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sarrthom1@lycos.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="A plea for assistance!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200503012326.j21NQcTR008885@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;thomas sarr&quot; &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="thomas sarr &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;thomas sarr&quot; &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="thomas sarr &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-03-01T23:26:28Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;dkfmt.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-03-01T23:26:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar  1 18:26:40 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200503012326.j21NQcTR008885@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="thomas sarr" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;thomas sarr&quot; &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="thomas sarr &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1476" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="thomas sarr &lt;thomasarr37@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200503012326.j21NQcTR008885@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>A plea for assistance!!!</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear friend,


I MAKE THIS APPEAL WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT ANY
FACTS OR OPINION EXPRESSED BY ME ARE GIVING IN
CONFIDENCE AND SOLELY FOR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
AND USE.

I am MR. Thomas Sarr, the manager of bill and exchange
at the foreign remittance department of my  Bank. In
my department I discovered an abandoned sum of
US$8.5m,(Eight Million, Five Hundred Thousand US
Dollars) with account number 14-2558-5976 that belongs
to one of our  foreign customers who died along with
his wife and only daughter in a plane
crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January, 2000. You shall read more about
the crash on visiting this site
http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/
The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an
American and great industrialist and a resident of
Alaska.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided
to make this business proposal to you and for our bank
to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instructions which I will send to you as the next of
kin or relation to the deceased for safety and
subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it
and I don't want this money to go into
our bank treasury as  unclaimed  bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if
such money remained unclaimed after three years, the
money will be transfered into the bank treasury as
unclaimed fund. The money has now stayed more than
three years and I am preparing documentations to prove
that this money has been transfered to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you only that will
know that the money is not transfered into our
treasury. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the
customer was a foreigner and a Senegalese cannot stand
as next of kin to a foreigner.

In appreciation of your assistance, I am offering you
30% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to  be incurred during
the course of transaction, while the remaining 65%
is  for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax
or email the text of the application which you will
complete and forward to our bank asking for this money
to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris
Thomson. I will not fail to bring to your notice that
this transaction is hitch-free and that you should not
entertain any fear as all required arrangements have
been made for the transfer. You should contact me
immediately as soon as you receive this mail through
the above email.

PLEASE DO NOT HESITATE TO CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY.
PLEASE DO CONSIDER MY REQUEST AS URGENT.

You may contact me also at sarrthom1@lycos.com.

Yours  Faithfully,


Thomas SARR
</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p />
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p><p />

</p>
</div>
</body></html>