<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Report" content="  8 hits, 7 required;  * -0.7 -- BODY: Contains 'Dear Somebody'  *  4.5 -- BODY: Nigerian scam key phrase  *  4.2 -- BODY: Mutated Nigerian scams (7)" />
<meta name="subject" content="*****SPAM***** IMPORTANT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-flag" content="YES" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="Yes, hits=8.0 required=7.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Checker-Version" content="SpamAssassin 2.31 (devel $Id: SpamAssassin.pm,v 1.94.2.2 2002/06/20 17:20:29 hughescr Exp $)" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="*****SPAM***** IMPORTANT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Level" content="********" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-level" content="********" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200211121559.gACFxDiX014946@smtp.eecs.UM&gt; *  4.5 -- BODY: Nigerian scam key phrase" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU. " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU &lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2001-11-13T16:10:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2001-11-13T16:10:50Z" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-checker-version" content="SpamAssassin 2.31 (devel $Id: SpamAssassin.pm,v 1.94.2.2 2002/06/20 17:20:29 hughescr Exp $)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov 12 11:08:15 2002" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200211121559.gACFxDiX014946@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;COL. MICHAEL BUNDU&quot; &lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU. " />
<meta name="Author" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU &lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU &lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200211121559.gACFxDiX014946@smtp.eecs.UM&gt; *  4.5 -- BODY: Nigerian scam key phrase" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="Yes, hits=8.0 required=7.0	tests=DEAR_SOMEBODY,US_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_SCAM_7	version=2.31" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU &lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2001-11-13T16:10:50Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Flag" content="YES" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="creator" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU. " />
<meta name="creator" content="COL. MICHAEL BUNDU &lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0 version=2.31" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-report" content="8 hits, 7 required;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt; tests=DEAR_SOMEBODY,US_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_SCAM_7" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt; * -0.7 -- BODY: Contains 'Dear Somebody'" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;COL. MICHAEL BUNDU&quot; &lt;mikebunduu1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-15" />
<title>*****SPAM***** IMPORTANT</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: COL. MICHAEL BUNDU. 
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO. 
Tel No: Your country Intl. access code + 8821652098236
email : mikebundu@rediffmail.com
Dear Sir/Madam


SEEKING YOUR IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE. 

Please permit me to make your acquaintance in so informal a manner. This is necessitated by my urgent need to reach a dependable and trust worthy foreign partner. This request may seem strange and unsolicited but I crave your indulgence and pray that you view it seriously. My name is COL. MICHAEL BUNDU of the Democratic Republic of Congo and one of the close aides to the former President of the Democratic Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed memory, may his soul rest in peace. 

Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to force out the rebels in my country, I and some of my colleagues were instructed by Late President Kabila to go abroad to purchase arms and ammunition worth of Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only (US$20,500,000.00) to fight the rebel group. We were then given this money privately by the then President, LAURENT KABILA, without the knowledge of other Cabinet Members. But when President Kabila was killed in a bloody shoot-out by one of his bodyguards a day before we were schedule to travel out of Congo, We immediately decided to put the funds into a private security company here in Congo for safe keeping. 

The security of the said amount is presently being threatened here following the arrest and seizure of properties of Col. Rasheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila) a tribesman, and some other Military Personnel from our same tribe, by the new President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent Kabila, Joseph Kabila. 

In view of this, we need a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the beneficiary. 
WE have sufficient ''CONTACTS'' here to move the fund under Diplomatic Cover to a security company in Europe in your name. This is to ensure that the Diplomatic Baggage is marked ''CONFIDENTIAL'' and it 
will not pass through normal custom/airport screening and clearance. 

Our inability to move this money out of Congo all this while stems from our lack of trust of our supposed good friends (western countries) who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late President Kabila, immediately after his son took office. Though we have neither seen nor met each other, the information We gathered from an associate who has worked in your country has encouraged and convinced us that with your sincere assistance, this transaction will be properly handled with modesty and honesty to a huge success within two weeks. The said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total confidentiality. 

We would please need you to stand on our behalf as the beneficiary of this fund in Europe. This is because we are under restricted movement and watch and hence we want to be very careful in order not to lose this fund which we have worked so hard for. Thus, if you are willing to assist us to move this fund out of Congo, you can contact me through my email addresses, Tel/Fax nos. above with your telephone, fax number and personal information to enable us discuss the modalities and what will be your share (percentage) for assisting us.

Please note that There are no RISKS involved in this Deal as everyone's Security is Guaranteed if we follow the required guidelines. I will hence furnish you with further details of this Deal as soon as I am assured of your Sincere interest to assist us. 

I must use this opportunity and medium to implore you to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this matter extraordinarily confidential, Whatever your decision, while I await your prompt response. Thank you and God Bless. 
Best Regards 


COL. MICHAEL BUNDU(RTD). mikebundu@rediffmail.com

N\B. When you are calling my line, you dial your country Intl. access code, then you dial directly, do not include my country code i.e. (243). Just dial your country Intl. access code + 88216 52098236. You can also contact me through the above email addresses.


</p>

</body></html>