<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;KABILA&quot; &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="KABILA &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="greenkab@email.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-03-09T21:54:25Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1254&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ken_kabil@email.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ken_kabil@email.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200303092154.h29LsbS03533@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;KABILA&quot; &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="KABILA &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1254&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;KABILA&quot; &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="KABILA &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-03-09T21:54:25Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1254&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-03-09T21:54:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;	by spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id h29LsbS03533	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sun, 9 Mar 2003 16:54:38 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Mar  9 16:54:47 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;greenkab@email.com&gt; by spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id h29LsbS03533 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sun, 9 Mar 2003 16:54:38 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200303092154.h29LsbS03533@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="KABILA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;KABILA&quot; &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="KABILA &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-149" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="KABILA &lt;greenkab@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200303092154.h29LsbS03533@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY </title>
</head>
<body><p>Re Urgent Assistance

Kindly allow me the modesty of introducing myself. I am KEN GREEN KABILA,the
son of the former head of state/ president of Congo-Kinshasha (then called
Zaire) Mr. Laurent Desire Kabila.

I am contacting you in order to ask for your assistance on this confidential
Business proposal with full financial benefit for both of us.
Before I go into further details please be informed that I am writing without
any other person(s) pre-knowledge of my contacting you on this transaction.
Therefore I will appreciate same attitude to be maintained all through.
I have the sum of USD55Million from a secret sale of Diamond by my father
before he was assassinated by one of his body guard (Rashid) on January 16th
2001, which I will like you to receive on my behalf due to security reasons,as
my narration below will explain. But before I continue b e well informed that
your share in this transaction has been calculated at 15% of the total sum of
USD$55M, 5% for expenses and the rest for my family and me.

My father as a real African traditionalist was a polygamist thereby having
married so many wives, and my mother being the second wife of my father, My step
brother Joseph, who is the current president of my country, is the son of the
first wife and he does not have any knowledge about this deal.

Already president Joseph is using his power to colonize all the money and
private property, which my father left behind for the whole family. Now my
mother and I are left with nothing in the inheritance of my late father's
wealth. Our situation is seriously critical that we need your assistance to help
us receive these funds overseas for proper investment.
Let me quickly assure you the 100% safe proof of this transaction because the
diamond sales are packaged from the onset in a pa ttern that shows no direct
trace or linkage with us (Kabi! la family). At present the money is in cash and is
secured in a financial institution company as consignment.
The consignment will be released within seven (7) days of my being in receipt
of your reply via my email address above only for security reasons.

I am waiting for your swift and favorable response, and in case you have any
question(s), do not hesitate to contact me.my alternative email is ken_kabil40@zwallet.com

you can call me mmediately on my private phone number which is :229-988-039.

Best Regards,

KEN GREEN KABILA.





</p>

</body></html>