<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-junkmail" content="UCE(85)" />
<meta name="subject" content="SADDAM HUSSEIN'S PALACE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Junkmail-Status" content="score=85/49, host=gol-mro2.austarnet.com.au" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&lt;mikehammer@mail2mime.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mikehammer@mail2mime.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-03-11T09:11:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mikehammer@mail2mime.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mikehammer0@austarnet.com.au" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mikehammer0@austarnet.com.au" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mikehammer0@austarnet.com.au" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Junkmail" content="UCE(85)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SADDAM HUSSEIN'S PALACE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	Fri, 11 Mar 2005 19:12:38 +1000 (EST)	Fri, 11 Mar 2005 19:11:33 +1000 (EST)	Fri, 11 Mar 2005 19:11:33 +1000" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;ed14c17d.db49a73d.8278700@gol-mas2.austarnet.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&lt;mikehammer@mail2mime.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mikehammer@mail2mime.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&lt;mikehammer@mail2mime.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mikehammer@mail2mime.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-03-11T09:11:33Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Fri, 11 Mar 2005 19:11:33 +1000 (EST)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-03-11T09:11:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mikehammer@mail2mime.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Webmail Mirapoint Direct 3.4.6-GR" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Mar 11 04:26:04 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mikehammer@mail2mime.com&gt; Fri, 11 Mar 2005 19:12:38 +1000 (EST) Fri, 11 Mar 2005 19:11:33 +1000" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;ed14c17d.db49a73d.8278700@gol-mas2.austarnet.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&lt;mikehammer@mail2mime.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mikehammer@mail2mime.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-junkmail-status" content="score=85/49, host=gol-mro2.austarnet.com.au" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Webmail Mirapoint Direct 3.4.6-GR" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1492" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mikehammer@mail2mime.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;ed14c17d.db49a73d.8278700@gol-mas2.austarnet.com.au&gt;" />
<title>SADDAM HUSSEIN'S PALACE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

I got your contact from the World Trade Organisation
directory of the US,Canada&amp; European Union and I am very
sorry to interrupt your peace since you are not expecting
to receive any mail from me.

However, I was obliged to do so due to the importance and
urgency of the message. I crave your indulgence,and want to
reassure you that I mean well and that it is only for our
mutual good. So please do not be embarrassed.

My name is Mr.Mike Hammer. I am a social worker with an
international-Governmental/Voluntary organization based in
Africa. I am the Accounts/ Project Director in-charge
of the Middle East regional representation. Our
organization, through local NGO'S and other Agencies and in
partnership with the United Nations High Commission for
Refugees, UNHCR, UNESCO, etc works and sponsors 
development
projects and social services in some third world/
developing countries, assistance and re-settlement of
victims of natural disaster, civil wars and Refugees,
displaced/oppressed children and minority people around the
world.

I am just back from Iraq where in the cause of performing
our duties we found a huge amount of cash in an abandoned
Palace, I reached an agreement with the members of my team
whom are UN officials and we agreed to keep this money to
ourselves and then moved the box out of Iraq to Europe
(with their immunity as UN officials they are not searched
at borders or airports). Now, I am in need of a reliable
and trustworthy person or company overseas whom I can
confidently work with since my work does not permit me to
own a foreign bank account or any personal business
until retirement, I have the honor to confide this
information in you and to request for your pleasure to
assist to receive and secure the money in your account,
pending our retirement from service.

Please understand that my approach to you is based only on
my positive reasoning and on the belief that you will not
disappoint or betray me at last. The amount is fairly huge
and we have agreed that on completion of the deal, you will
retain some reasonable percentage of the money(20%)
as a compensation for your assistance.the amount of the
money is FIFTEEN POINT FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES 
DOLLARS
To consider our official positions, reputation and
integrity, especially,the opportunities in the business
itself, it is very necessary that all due care be taken
so that we do not miss the opportunity due to carelessness.

You are therefore expected and advised to display high
degree of maturity,responsibility and understanding in
handling this information.
I will give you all the details in my next mail when you
have indicated your interest and commitment to work with
me. Always remember that this is the highest confidence and
trust any person can repose on the other,
especially when it is considered that we did not know
ourselves before. I hope you will honor me too.

We can come over to join you for sharing and to guarantee
that we have unlimited access to you before and when the
funds hit your account.Moreso for an effective and easy
communiation I will advice that you furnish me with your
telephone, cell and I eagerly await your positive response.

Best regards,
Mike Hammer.

Please reply only to this email address
mikehammer@mail2mime.com


</p>

</body></html>