<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM ANTHONY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-03-15T12:52:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM ANTHONY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200503151252.j2FCqFU02219@tel19.telsoft.com.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-03-15T12:52:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-03-15T12:52:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;wwwrun@tel19.telsoft.com.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 15 08:09:54 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;wwwrun@tel19.telsoft.com.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200503151252.j2FCqFU02219@tel19.telsoft.com.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="genanthony2000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1502" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="genanthony2000 &lt;genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200503151252.j2FCqFU02219@tel19.telsoft.com.pl&gt;" />
<title>FROM ANTHONY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear friend,

I wish the best in life for you and your family, and I hope
you will receive this mail in good spirit and respond
quickly with ultmost secrecy and confidentiality,I got your
address through my professional relationship in discharging
of my duties
for my government.

My name is Gen. Anthony Johnson. and I was the chief of
security and operations for former president Charles Taylor
of Liberia.Please protect this mail for the safety of my
life and that of my family to avoid us being tortured or
killed by his left behind secret
agents.

Please I humbly beg you from the bottom of my heart to
listen very carefully,the situation in my country is very
critical and chaos, uproar and hostilities had brought the
country to its knees and from intelligent report the center
cannot hold anymore for former
president Charles Taylor and his government.

The intense pressure from united states, united nations,
international community and west African peace keeping
to[Ecomog] had made him former president
Charles Taylor to step aside and gone on exile and also
pressure to face war crime charges against humanity.

Listen very carefully, you know my country Liberia is very
rich with diamonds,and with my position as former chief of
security and operations I have accumulated so much diamonds
which I had sold to generate close to $30 Million over the
years and it is this fund that I want to move to you for
safe keeping.

The fund are in boxes in dollar denomination and it would
be sent to you through diplomatic courier service with your
name as the beneficiary within few
days. Please would you do me a favour to receive this fund
for me? Else the government in power will seize the fund
and plunder it. If you are capable and know that
you will truly and honestly help me, write me now, time is
no more on my side.

I will give you 30% of the fund and I will come to your
country to take my part. Extend a friendly hand and help
me. Please bear in mind that this fund is not a loaned or
stolen money but rather a hard earned money generated.

If you are willing to help me in this transaction,please
furnish me with the followings:

(1)  Your telephone number, Fax number (Mobile phoneif any)

(2)  Your postal address

(3)  Your full name and a little pre-amble about yourself -
I mean your age, Marrital status, What you are doing for a
living e.t.c

please reply back via my private email address for your
good interest:- genanthony2000@mail2lawyer.com,

Yours Sincerely,
Gen.Anthony Johnson.



___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at PHP-Nuke Powered Site
- http://yoursite.com


</p>

</body></html>