<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="luisa@estradaforfamily.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="WITH LOVE FROM LUISA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada&quot; &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="luisa@estradaforfamily.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-03-22T11:38:16Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="luisa@estradaforfamily.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="luisa@estradaforfamily.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="luisa@estradaforfamily.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="WITH LOVE FROM LUISA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="22 Mar 2005 11:38:24.0256 (UTC) FILETIME=[A8108800:01C52ED3]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[luisa@estradaforfamily.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada&quot; &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada&quot; &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-03-22T11:38:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-03-22T11:38:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="22 Mar 2005 11:38:24.0256 (UTC) FILETIME=[A8108800:01C52ED3]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="luisa@estradaforfamily.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 22 06:39:43 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[luisa@estradaforfamily.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada&quot; &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1524" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr Mrs Luisa Estrada &lt;luisa@estradaforfamily.com&gt;" />
<title>WITH LOVE FROM LUISA</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,

This is a proposal in context but actually an appeal soliciting for your 
unreserved assistance in consummating an urgent transaction.
By way of summarized profile of myself, I am Senator Luisa Pimentel Estrada, 
a 74years old lady and the first wife of Joseph Ejercito Estrada (former 
head of state and President of Philippines) who is presently held in 
detention in a hospital outside manilla,Philippines.
However, the current administration of Gloria Arroyo(The President of 
Philippines) the present Government have resolved to freeze all known assets 
of Joseph Ejercito Estrada including properties at home and abroad and are 
presently embarking on to seize the various bank accounts of my Husband in 
Switzerland,UK and Australia. We cannot be held responsible for the sins of 
my Husband. In view of this plight, I expect you to be trustworthy and kind 
enough to respond to this distressed call to save our family from a hopeless 
future. And if you agree to help, we shall discuss the disbursement ratio in 
our next correspondence after we have been acquainted. In fact, the attack 
on our family (The Estrada's) is so devastated to an extent of seizing our 
traveling passport, family accounts, trying some members of our family in 
court for offences allegedly committed by my Husband and even restrict us 
from seeing my husband.
Ihave carefully moved out these funds (US$18 million), before my husband was 
impeached to an offshore Deposit Company.From past experiences, many people 
I had regarded as close friends has capitalize on my family's travail to run 
away with my money. In order to avert this negative development, I in 
conjunction with my son (DANIEL) now seek your permission to allow my 
attorney do a CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP/REASSIGNMENT OF CREDIT of stated funds 
from the deposit company to your name, so that the funds (US$18million) 
would be released to you as the new owner (on behalf of me and my family).In 
view of this grievous threat to our Economic and personal survival, our 
family trustee have secretly protected the deposit, you are to assist us to 
lay claims of the consignment with the aid of all legal documents that will 
be forwarded to you as time goes on.
I am writing because when I deposited the money in the deposit company, I 
told them that it belonged to a foreign business partner and my present 
position will not allow me to claim the funds. Consequently, I will present 
you as the owner of the funds in the Deposit Company so you can be able to 
claim them. This is simple. I will like you to provide immediately;

1. Full names
2. Contact address
3. Telephone and fax numbers

Once I receive this information, we will prepare the necessary documents 
that will put you in place as the new owner of the funds. The money will 
then be released to your custody by the Deposit Company, for us to share. No 
doubt this proposal will make you apprehensive,please we employ you to 
observe utmost confidentiality and rest assured that this transaction would 
be most profitable for both of us because we shall require your assistance 
to invest our share in your country (buying of properties like houses, 
hotels etc). This is why your urgent action and response is of priority to 
enable us concluding this transaction in a timely and professional manner.

Awaiting your swift response via this email address:lp4estrada@yahoo.co.in 
indicating your interest pls.
Thanks and regards,
Luisa Pimentel Estrada.




</p>

</body></html>