<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="VERY URGENT ASSISTANT IS NEEDED.please reply me back ASAP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MimeOLE" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2462.0000 " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;georgeabbey43&quot; &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="georgeabbey43 &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-03-30T07:35:35Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;webmaster&quot; &lt;webmaster@aclweb.org&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster &lt;webmaster@aclweb.org&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_NextPart_000_0090_2E4459F1.7B3B73F3" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY URGENT ASSISTANT IS NEEDED.please reply me back ASAP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DGZUx0oK9-0006zV@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DGZUx0oK9-0006zV@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;georgeabbey43&quot; &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="georgeabbey43 &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;georgeabbey43&quot; &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="georgeabbey43 &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-03-30T07:35:35Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-03-30T07:35:35Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mimeole" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2462.0000 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2462.0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar 30 04:29:44 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="georgeabbey43" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;georgeabbey43&quot; &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="georgeabbey43 &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2462.0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1550" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="georgeabbey43 &lt;georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DGZUx0oK9-0006zV@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>VERY URGENT ASSISTANT IS NEEDED.please reply me back ASAP</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>






Good Day,
May it not be a surprise to receive this letter from me, considering the
fact that you do not know me? First I must seek for your understanding and
with hope that you will have the wisdom to understand this matter and be in
a position to help as you will be surely
blessed as you help.I am MR GEORGE ABBEY,I am 41 Years old and also a
Branch Manager with a Bank in Nigeria named, UNITED BANK FOR AFRICA{UBA} . I
have a Transaction which I think will be of mutual benefit to both of us. In my
desire for a befitting foreign partner with whom to do this transaction
with, I got your contact from a foreign trade Centre in my Country. As the
manager of a branch of UBA, I discovered some Amount of money while I was
auditing accounts for the 2001 financial year which has been lying there for
over 3 years. On further inquiry, I discovered that this money totaling
about USD$2O.5 Million (Twenty Million! Five hundred thousand United States
Dollars) including accumulated interest which belonged to one MR. ROBERT
LIN, a Chinese National who lived here and died intestate without providing
anybody to claim the money. This man died
Through a plane crash of ADC airlines in 1998.I have successfully
secured the money and with the assistance of powerful contact, the money has
been moved out of my bank and deposited in a security company for safe
keeping. I am therefore requesting to have your
personal information to enable me prepare documents which will
authenticate that the funds belongs to you as the next of kin to MR.ROBERT
LIN and to enable you claim the money since nobody has come to claim the
money. According to the law here if by the end of this year nobody comes up
for the money it will be claimed by the Management of my
bank.I am sure that you will be in a position to provide a safe account
where the money Will be deposited pending my arrival to meet with you. For us to file
application of claim to this money as the next of Kin i will need to have
your personal information's which includes , YOURFULL NAME AND
ADDRESS,TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER, AND YOUR FULL BANK DETAILS WHERE THIS
FUNDS WILL BE TRANSFERRED TO. This transaction is absolutely risk free with
no legal complications as we have made arrangements to secure all the legal
documents that will free us from any litigation, I have made all necessary
arrangements with the security company, that as soon as I get your
confirmation of interest in this venture, we shall put in all the necessary
paper which will authorize the security company to process the funds and get
it transferred through their offshore bank, to your account. In doing this you must have to maintain
a high degree of trust and adequate confidentiality is required and on
successful completion of this transfer to your account, I have agreed that
you will retain 30% of the total sum while 70% will be for me. Finally I
want you to note that we are going to spend money where
Necessary to make this venture work out successfully. Therefore, confirm
your interest in this transaction immediately by sending the above mentioned
information's as to enable us finalize this issue as soon as possible. I
need to emphasize once again that a high Degree of trust and confidentiality is required in this transaction.
Finally i want to inform You that as soon as the funds are in your account and the sharing
completed between us.You will introduce me into lucrative business in your
country because i will like to invest most of my money in your country.
Please reply through this email: - {georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com } awaiting
your urgent response ASAP.

Yours Faithfully
GEORGE ABBEY
Email:-  georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com 








































































































































    </p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>