<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-ISP" content="TPG Internet Australia http://www.tpg.com.au/ " />
<meta name="subject" content="RESPONSE ASAP!." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-tpg-antivirus" content="Passed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/world/middle_east/3970619.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.uslaboragainstwar.org/article.php?id=3D6979" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-03-30T13:44:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1112190251.424aad2bb3e07@postoffice.tpg.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="RESPONSE ASAP!." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-TPG-Antivirus" content="Passed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	Wed, 30 Mar 2005 23:50:28 +1000" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1112190251.424aad2bb3e07@postoffice.tpg.com.au&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-03-30T13:44:11Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-isp" content="TPG Internet Australia http://www.tpg.com.au/ " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 details and that will help you understand the" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-03-30T13:44:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar 30 09:03:33 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt; Wed, 30 Mar 2005 23:50:28 +1000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Simon Wong" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1551" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Simon Wong &lt;SWONG11200@YAHOO.COM.HK&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1112190251.424aad2bb3e07@postoffice.tpg.com.au&gt;" />
<title>RESPONSE ASAP!.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
MR. SIMON WONG
DAH SING BANK LTD.
19 DES VOEUX RD. 
CENTRAL HONG KONG,
HONK KONG.

Dear Friend,

I am Mr.Simon Wong, credit officer of Dah Sing Bank
Ltd, Hong Kong. I  have an urgent and  very
confidential business proposition for you.


On october 15, 1999, our client Mr. Hatem Kamil Abdul
Fatah who was the deputy governor of Baghdad in Iraq
and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit
for 12 calendar months, with a value of  Fourty
Millions Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars
only in my branch.

Upon maturity several notice was sent to him, even
after the war late this year. 
Another notification was sent and still no response
came from him. 
We later find out that the Governor has been
assasinated in Baghdad.

The websites below is a verification of the news about
his death:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/world/middle_east/3970619.stm

http://www.uslaboragainstwar.org/article.php?id=6979

After further investigation it was also discovered
that Mr. Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah did not declare any
next of kin in his official papers including the paper
work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me
the last time he was at my office that no one except
me knew of his deposit in my bank.

According to the Hong Kong Law,under china's foreign
and defense affairs,at the expiration of 5 (five)
years,such funds will revert to the ownership of the
chinese Government for financing military
operations,such as purchasing of arms and ammunitions
for the military.


In order to avert this negative development,i will
like to seek for your permission as a foreigner to
stand as the next of kin to  Mr. Hatem Kamil Abdul
Fatah so that the fruits of this old man's labor will
not be use for financing weapons which will further
enhance the courses of war in the world in general.


The money will be paid into your account for us to
share in the ratio of 60% for me and 30% for you and
10% for Expenses Incurred in the course of the
transaction.There is no risk at all as all the
paperwork  for this transaction will be done by my
attorney and with my position as the credit officer
guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction. If you are interested,please reply
immediately.

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more
 details and that will help you understand the
transaction.


You should observe utmost confidentiality,and rest
assured  that this  transaction would be most
profitable for both of us because I shall require your
assistance to invest my share in your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply.

Thanks and regards.

Mr.Simon Wong.




</p>

</body></html>