<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="es" />
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR POSITIVE RESPONSE IS NEEDED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt; =" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Language" content="es" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-03-31T17:49:37Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1b19661adb2d.1adb2d1b1966@teleline.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR POSITIVE RESPONSE IS NEEDED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1b19661adb2d.1adb2d1b1966@teleline.es&gt; =" />
<meta name="creator" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt; =" />
<meta name="creator" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt; =" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-03-31T17:49:37Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="es" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 =" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-03-31T17:49:37Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Netscape Webmail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar 31 12:51:14 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt; =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="JOHNBRUNO2" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt; =" />
<meta name="Author" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Netscape Webmail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1556" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="JOHNBRUNO2 &lt;JOHNBRUNO2@terra.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1b19661adb2d.1adb2d1b1966@teleline.es&gt; =" />
<title>YOUR POSITIVE RESPONSE IS NEEDED</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear Friend,

TREAT WITH UTMOST SECRECY AND CONFIDENTIALITY

My name is John Bruno; I worked in a bank here in the United Kingdom. 
I am contactingyou of a business transaction, of a huge sum of money 
from A deceased client of mine.Though I know that a transaction of 
this magnitude Will make any one apprehensive and worried, butI am 
assuring you that everything has been taken care off, and all will
be well at the end Of the day. I decided to contact you due to the 
urgency of thistransaction.

FACT:

I was the account officer of a foreigner named Gerald Welsh who died 
in an air crash along with his wife on The 31st October 1999 in an 
Egyptian airline 990 with Otherpassengers on board. You can confirm 
this from The website below which was published by 
CNN.WEBSITE.http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/world/americas/502503.stm since 
his death,none of his next-of-kin are alive to Make claims for this 
monies as his heir, because they all died in the same accident himself 
and his wife (May Their soul rest in peace). We could not release the 
funds from his account unless someone applied for claim as The next-of-
kin to the deceased .At that period he had $14,210,045m(fourteen 
Million two hundred and ten thousand dollars) in his account. After 
four to five years the money was called back to the bank treasury as 
unclaimed bills and the money shared amongst the directors of the 
bank, which has already been done by the directors mid last year.

PROPOSITION;
Due to the relationship between i and the deceased (Gerald Welsh) he 
told me of a diamond business which he had to do and left me in care 
of the” CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT” which he used to lodge the funds in a 
security company in Europe which is to the tune of $8.4m(eight million 
Four hundred thousand dollars).

Note: that I decided to seek for whom his/her name shallbe used as the 
next of kin/beneficiary to claim the funds at the security company 
rather than allow the funds to lay unclaimed. It may interest you to 
know that i have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to 
locate any of the deceased beneficiaries again and no one was found.
 
Please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual 
business endeavor by furnishing me with the following information if 
you are interested.

1.Full name in order for me to prepare the Document in your name.

2. Direct Telephone and fax numbers for our personal Contact and
Mutual trust in each other.

I shall be compensating you with 20% percent of the Whole funds on 
final conclusionof this project for your assistance, while the balance 
shall be for me for investment Purposes. Because I just retired. If 
this proposal is Acceptable by you, please endeavor to contact me 
immediately. Do not take undue advantage of the trust I have bestowed 
in you.

I await your urgent mail.

Regards,
John Bruno.




 




</p>

</body></html>