<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-04-01T14:43:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-04-01T14:43:30Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-04-01T14:43:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Apr  1 09:43:40 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="hussam mattin" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1557" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="hussam mattin &lt;hussam_mattin5533@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE. </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearest One,

Good day and which i believe you will be of great
assistants to me that will make the beginning of
never-endingfamily relationship. I hope that this
proposal will not be an inconvenience or embarrassment
to you.I must not hesitate to confide in you this
simple and sincere business. 

My name is Hussam , I am 18 years of age, the only
daughter of late Mr and Mrs mattin Gutana, from Nshili
District of Gikomgoro Province in Republic of Rwanda.
My father before his death was a prosperous Cocoa and
Gold merchant in Kigali, Republic of Rwanda before
his untimely death, after his business trip to Abidjan
-Cote d'Ivoire, to negotiate on a Cocoa and
Gold business he wanted to invest in Abidjan -
Coted'Ivoire. 

My mother died when I was little ,and since then my
father took me so special. Before his death
on 12th November 2002 he told me that he has the sum
of nine million,seven hundred thousand United State
Dollars.(USD$9.700.000) deposited in a security
company in Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire, that he wanted to
use
this fund to invest his cocoa business in Ivory Coast.

After the burial of my late father i came down to
Abidjan and went to the security company where the
fund is deposited with all the documents regarding to
the deposit of the fund that was given to me by my
late father. But because of the unstable political
problems here last year I instructed the security
company to transfer the consignment to their
affilliate office in Europe, the fund is presently in
Europe now waiting for clearance.

I am just 18 years old and a university undergraduate
and really don't know what to do.Now I want you to
help me claim and transfer the fund for investment in
your country because I have suffered a lot of set
backs as a result of incessant political crisis here
in Ivory coast.The death of my father actually brought
sorrow to my life.

I am in a sincere desire of your humble assistance in
this regards.Your suggestions and ideas will be highly
regarded.

Now permit me to ask these few questions:
1. Can you honestly help me.
2. Can I completely trust you? 
3. What percentage of the total amount in question 

will be good for you after the money is in your
custody. 
Please,Consider this and get back to me as soon as
posible.

Thank you so much and God bless you.

My sincere regards,

Miss Hussam mattin,









________________________________________________________________________
Yahoo! India Matrimony: Find your life partner online
Go to: http://yahoo.shaadi.com/india-matrimony


</p>

</body></html>