<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE   RESPOND" />
<meta name="MboxParser-conditions" content="" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-03-12T16:52:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sameezx6@go.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sameez11@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sameez11@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sameez11@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE   RESPOND" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;5272221.1047487924103.JavaMail.sameezx6@gomailjtp02&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;5272221.1047487924103.JavaMail.sameezx6@gomailjtp02&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-03-12T16:52:04Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-03-12T16:52:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;	by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h2CMsbL24805	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 12 Mar 2003 17:54:37 -0500 (EST) &lt;0HBN005WXAUS2G@mta06.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Wed, 12 Mar 2003 08:52:46 -0800 (PST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="SIR, " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar 12 17:54:46 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt; by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h2CMsbL24805 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 12 Mar 2003 17:54:37 -0500 (EST) &lt;0HBN005WXAUS2G@mta06.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Wed, 12 Mar 2003 08:52:46 -0800 (PST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="SOLOMON azeez" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-156" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="SOLOMON azeez &lt;sameezx6@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;5272221.1047487924103.JavaMail.sameezx6@gomailjtp02&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE   RESPOND</title>
</head>
<body><p>DR.SOLOMON AZEEZ 

FEDERAL MINISTRY OF PETROLUEM RESOURCES(F.M.P.R) 

LAGOS NIGERIA. 

ATTN:SIR, 

REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE- STRICTLYCONFIDENTIAL 

I am Dr SOLOMON AZEEZ, an accountant in the Ministry 
of petroleum Resources (MPR) and a member of a 
three-man Tender Board in charge of contract review 
and payment approvals. I came to know of you in my 
search for a reliable person to handle a very 
confidential transaction that involves the transfer of 
a huge sum of money to a foreign account. It may sound 
strange but exercise patience and read on. There were 
series of contracts executed by a consortium 
Multinational in the Oil industry in favor of Ministry 
of Petroleum Resources among which were: 

1. The extension of pipeline network within Nigeria 
for crude oil, Down stream products distribution and 
subsequent evacuation- US$ 195 Million. 

2. Contract for the Turn Around Maintenance (TAM) of 
the various refineries in the country~ US$ 152Million. 


3. The construction of storage tanks for petroleum 
products (Depots) US$240 Million. The original values 
of this contract were deliberately over invoiced to 
the sum of US $35.5million American Dollars which has 
now been approved and is now ready to be transferred 
being that the companies that actually executed these 
contracts has been fully paid and project officially 
commissioned. consequently, my colleagues and I are 
willing to transfer the total amount to your account 
for subsequent disbursement since we are Civil Servant 
and are prohibited by the Code of Conduct Bureau 
(Civil Servant Laws) from opening operating foreign 
account in our names. Needless to say, the trust posed 
on you at this juncture is enormous. In return, we 
have agreed to offer you 30% of the transferred sum 
while 10% shall be set aside for accidental expenses 
(Internal &amp; External) between the parties in the 
course of the transfer. We will mandate you to draw up 
an investment plan for us of which you will control 
since we cannot bring our shares back to Nigeria. We 
are very interested in investing in real estate in 
your country. You must however note that this 
transaction is subjected to the following termsand 
conditions: 

1. Our conviction of your transparent honesty 
anddiligence. 

2. That you would treat this transaction with utmost 
secrecy and confidentiality because of 
thecircumstances we now find ourselves. 

3. That the funds would be transferred to an account 
over which you have absolute control. Modalities have 
been worked out at the highest level of the presidency 
at the Central Bank of Nigeria for the immediate 
transfer of the funds within 14 working days, subject 
to your satisfaction of the above stated terms. Our 
assurance is that your role is 100% risk free. To 
accord this transaction, the legality it deserves and 
for mutual security of the parties involved and the 
funds, the whole approval procedures will be 
officially and legally processed with your name or the 
name of your company you may nominate as the bonafide 
beneficiary. Also, be informed that our main reason of 
contacting you is for the obvious reason that we will 
want to invest these funds in the real estate. It is 
our believe that you can be ofimmense help in this 
regards. Kindly expedite action so as to enable us 
include this transaction into this batch as payment to 
foreign contractors is usually carried out on 
quarterlybasis. Please, contact me as soon as possible 
on my private e-mail address: 

Best regards, 

DR.SOLOMON AZEEZ 





___________________________________________________
GO.com Mail                                    
Get Your Free, Private E-mail at http://mail.go.com



</p>

</body></html>