<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kim@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-04-04T20:47:33Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kimmilamilakim@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kimmilamilakim@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200504041247.j34ClbxB004150@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-04-04T20:47:33Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-04-04T20:47:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.7000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Apr  4 08:48:24 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200504041247.j34ClbxB004150@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA&quot; &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.7000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1562" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA &lt;kim@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200504041247.j34ClbxB004150@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>



I am MR. KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA,the personal accountant to Mikhail Khodorkovsky
the richest Person in Russia and owner of the following companies: Chairman
CEO: YUKOS OIL (Russian Largest Oil
Company) Chairman CEO: Menatep SBP Bank (A well reputable financial
institution with its branches all over the world).
I seek your partnership to accommodate the sum US$423M for us.
My Boss got arrested for his involvement on politics in financing the
leading and opposing political parties (the Union of Right Forces, led by
Boris Nemtsov, and Yabloko, a liberal/social democratic party led by Gregor
Yavlinsky) which posed treat to President Vladimir Putin second tenure as
Russian president before he was reelected On March 14, 2004.
You can catch more of the story on this websites
&lt;&lt;" href="http://newsfromrussia.com/main/2003/11/13/51215.html" target=_blankhttp://newsfromrussia.com/main/2003/11/13/51215.html&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;" href="http://www.themoscowtimes.com/stories/2004/10/18/041.html" target=_blankhttp://www.themoscowtimes.com/stories/2004/10/18/041.html&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;" href="http://www.mosnews.com/money/2004/10/18/yuganskneftegaz.shtml" target=_blankhttp://www.mosnews.com/money/2004/10/18/yuganskneftegaz.shtml&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;http://www.mercurynews.com/mld/mercurynews/news/breaking_news/9950187.h&gt;&gt;
tm?1c
&lt;&lt;" href="http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/3753804.stm" target=_blankhttp://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/3753804.stm&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;" href="http://money.cnn.com/2004/10/18/news/international/yukos.reut/" target=_blankhttp://money.cnn.com/2004/10/18/news/international/yukos.reut/&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;" href="http://washingtontimes.com/upi-breaking/20041017-064951-5424r.htm" target=_blankhttp://washingtontimes.com/upi-breaking/20041017-064951-5424r.htm&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;" href="http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2004/10/18/ap1595717.html" target=_blankhttp://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2004/10/18/ap1595717.html&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;" href="http://www.newratings.com/analyst_news/article_496642.html" target=_blankhttp://www.newratings.com/analyst_news/article_496642.html&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;&lt;http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_world_business/view/112302/1/.h&gt;
tml&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;" href="http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A28041-2004Oct12.html" target=_blankhttp://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A28041-2004Oct12.html&gt;&gt;
The fund (US$423M) in question was approved by the Government of Russia for
payment of various YUKOS OIL contractors/suppliers to prevent them from
loosing the money they invested in the numerous contracts they executed for
the above firm.
The Government had already concluded plans to freeze all the accounts in my
boss name (Mikhail Khodorkovsky) both corporate and personal and have on the
18th of October 2004 decided to sell off the assets of all Yukos Oil
corporation at a give-away amount to pay the allege taxes which the company
owed the Russian Government.refer to the website again.
Everybody in the world know that this is a political vendetta to ensure that
Mikhail Khodorkovsky comes out of detention as poor and broken man and his
companiesare liquidated, that if he is not eventually sent to jail for tax
evasion.
The Accountant General of YUKOS OIL (who is also my partner in this
transaction) and I have decided to raise a memo stating that YUKOS OIL owe
contractors the above amount which was finally approved for payment after
some deliberations. Actually, we have paid all our contractors both local
and foreign because they agitated for their payments when they heared that
my boss was arrested and might eventually be jailed by the
RussianGovernment.
YOUR ROLE:
I will present you/your company as one of the contractors we are owing so
that you can stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum or part of the
fund according to your financial strength or the strength of your company. I
will arrange for the documentation which the payee bank will need to
transfer the sum to you. The transaction has to be concluded before as soon
as possible. You will be rewarded with 10% of the total sum for your
partnership. Can you be my partner on this?
If this proposal is acceptable to you, Please send me your direct and
private, telephone and fax number and email address to enable me furnish you
with more information as we intend to conclude the transfer within 14
working days.
N/B:DO MAKE DIRECT CONTACT TO ME VIA THIS EMAIL ADDRESS:
kimmilamilakim@netscape.net

Regards
MR.KIMAEVA LIOUDMILA






</p>

</body></html>