<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Personal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-aol-ip" content="81.199.85.133" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Personal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;6DD897E1.5C56ADEE.0E8D3240@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-aol-language" content="english" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;6DD897E1.5C56ADEE.0E8D3240@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-aol-test" content="Testing" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AOL-Language" content="english" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cheunpui96@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Atlas Mailer 2.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AOL-Test" content="Testing" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AOL-IP" content="81.199.85.133" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 12 12:50:54 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cheunpui96@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Atlas Mailer 2.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1572" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;6DD897E1.5C56ADEE.0E8D3240@netscape.net&gt;" />
<title>Personal</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR. CHEUNG PUI
HANG SENG BANK LTD.
DES VOEUX RD. BRANCH,
CENTRAL HONG KONG,
HONG KONG.
 

Let me start by introducing myself. I am Mr.Cheung Pui director of operations of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd. I have an urgent business suggestion for you.

I honestly apologize and hope I do not cause you much embarrassment by contacting you through this means for a transaction of this magnitude,but this is due to confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this medium.

Furthermore,due to this issue on my hands now,it became necesary for me to seek your assistance, and it is imperativefor me to know your opinion

Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client Major Fadi Bassem who was with the Iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months,with a value of Twenty Four millions Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity several notice was sent to him, even during the war early this year.Again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him. We later find out that the Major and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home.

After further investigation it was also discovered that Major Fadi Basem  did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So, Twenty Four millions Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it. 

What bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration 6 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. 

Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to MajorFadi Basem  so that you will be able to receive his funds. 

WHAT IS TO BE DONE:

I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to Major Fadi Basem,all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your Full Names and Address so that the attorney can commence his job. After you have been made the next of kin, the attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you.

There is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents. Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning thisissue.Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 70% for me, 25% for you and 5% for any expenses incure during the transaction. Should you be interested please send me your full names and current residential address and I will prefer you to reach me via my box,
(cheungp600@yahoo.com.hk) and finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this operation.

Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.

Kind Regards,

Mr Cheung Pui.

__________________________________________________________________
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at http://isp.netscape.com/register

Netscape. Just the Net You Need.

New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at http://channels.netscape.com/ns/search/install.jsp


</p>

</body></html>