<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.199.80.130" />
<meta name="subject" content="Reply back for detailed discussion" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-04-12T18:41:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1113331318.425c167632a2f@imp1-q.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Reply back for detailed discussion" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	by imp1-q.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP 	for &lt;stefan.dusza@imap.free.fr&gt;; Tue, 12 Apr 2005 20:41:58 +0200" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1113331318.425c167632a2f@imp1-q.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="creator" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-04-12T18:41:58Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 for &lt;stefan.dusza@imap.free.fr&gt;; Tue, 12 Apr 2005 20:41:58 +0200 of kin" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-04-12T18:41:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;stefan.dusza@free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 12 14:43:03 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;stefan.dusza@free.fr&gt; by imp1-q.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP died" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="Author" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.199.80.130" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1573" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="stefan.dusza@free.fr" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1113331318.425c167632a2f@imp1-q.free.fr&gt;" />
<title>Reply back for detailed discussion</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear Good Friend.

My Name is Mr.Stefan Dusza a credit officer with (International Trust House)here
in Cotonou Republic Du Benin. In my department i discovered an abandoned sum of
US$20M dollars (Twenty Million US dollars) in an account that belongs to one of
our late foreign customer (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich, Germany)who died
along with his entire family in July 2000 in a plane crash. and please note
that my reason why of contacting is base that this is a deal between me and you
only.

Below is a website which i will apprecaite you go through to read the
information.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

Since then I have made several enquiries to locate any of the above mentioned
person extended
relatives, this has also proved abortive.

Now the reason while of contacting you is base on trust to enable me present you
as the next of kin so that this fund will be released to you as the next of kin
or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody
as come for claiming of the fund and note it will be very easy to convince the
bank since I have the necessary legalised documents that backup the fund and
which will present you the rightful next of kin to the
deceased customer.

I don't want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Five years, the money will be transfered into the bank treasury
as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is
occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and an Indigen here
cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal through.


I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will
protect you from any breach of the law.

I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the provision of
a foriegn account , 5% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the
business,another 5% to help the less previlage and to assist the charity
organisations here in Africa and abroad while the rest 60% would be for me
Thereafter, I will visit your country for disbursement according to the
percentage indicated Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this
fund to you arranged,you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin
of the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number,your private
telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where
in the money will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of the
application . I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required
arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately
as soon as you receive this letter.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.

Yours Faithfully,

Mr.Stefan Dusza.




</p>

</body></html>