<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONSULTATION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//WWW.CNN.COM/US/9911/02/EGYPTAIR990.LIST/INDEX.HTML" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="martinsade@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="martinsade@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="martinsade@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="martinsade@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="martinsade200@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONSULTATION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;cfe04d2a1f.d2a1fcfe04@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 with ESMTP id &lt;0IF5001MWC7QO8@webmail.universia.net.mx&gt; for R@M; Mon, 18 Apr 2005 09:28:50 -0500 (CDT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;cfe04d2a1f.d2a1fcfe04@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="creator" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="MboxParser-is" content="martinsade@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Mon, 18 Apr 2005 09:28:50 -0500 (CDT)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;martinsade2002@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 Patch 1 (built Aug 19 2002)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Apr 18 11:29:50 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;martinsade2002@universia.net.mx&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0IF5001MWC7QO8@webmail.universia.net.mx&gt; for R@M; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="martinsade@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="Author" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 Patch 1 (built Aug 19 2002)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1581" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="martinsade2002@universia.net.mx" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;cfe04d2a1f.d2a1fcfe04@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<title>CONSULTATION</title>
</head>
<body><p>WARTFORD &amp; WARTFORD CHAMBERS
ADVOCATES AND SOLICITORS
#100 LAGOS ROAD,NIGERIA
18TH APRIL 2005

FROM THE DESK OF: MARTINS ADE
EMAIL:martinsade200@yahoo.co.uk

SUBJECT: CONSULTATION

ATTN:

SIR/MADAM

I AM MARTINS ADE A LIBERIAN BY BIRTH. I AM
THE PERSONAL ASSISTANT TO LATE MR GERALD SMITH A
FOREIGNER (AMERICAN), WHO WAS A CONTRACTOR TO AFRICAN
PETROLEUM DEVELOPMENT COMPANY IN NIGERIA. ON THE 31ST
OCTOBER, 1999, MR GERALD SMITH AND HIS WIFE BARBARA
WERE INVOLVED IN A PLANE CRASH ON EGYPT AIR FLIGHT 990
IN ONE OF THEIR NUMEROUS TRIPS.SINCE THE NEWS WAS WELL
ANNOUNCED ON CNN YOU MAY VIEW THE LINK BELOW FOR YOUR
RECORD;

HTTP://WWW.CNN.COM/US/9911/02/EGYPTAIR990.LIST/INDEX.HTML

UNFORTUNATELY THEY BOTH LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE PLANE
CRASH.SINCE THEN I HAVE MADE SEVERAL ENQUIRIES TO THE
AMERICAN EMBASSY HERE AND THE HOME ADDRESS HE FILLED
IN HIS FILE TO LOCATE ANY OF HIS EXTENDED RELATIVES
ARE NOT VALID.SINCE I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO THE U.S
EVERYTHING HAS PROVED UNSUCCESSFUL. AFTER THESE
SEVERAL UNSUCCESSFUL ATTEMPTS, I DECIDED TO USE THE
INTERNET TO LOCATE ANY MEMBER OF HIS FAMILY, BUT TO NO
AVAIL, HENCE I CONTACTED YOU.

I CONTACTED YOU TO ASSIST IN REPARTRATING THE MONEY AND 
PROPERTY LEFT BEHIND BY MR GERALD SMITH BEFORE THEY GET 
CONFISCATED OR DECLARED UNSERVICEABLE BY THE BANK WHERE 
THIS HUGE MONEY IS DEPOSITED. PARTICULARLY, THE FINANCE HOUSE
WHERE THE DECEASED HAD AN ACCOUNT VALUED AT ABOUT
US$21M (TWENTY ONE MILLION DOLLARS). 

CONSEQUENTLY,THE BANK ISSUED ME A NOTICE TO PROVIDE THE NEXT-OF- KIN WHICH WAS HIS WIFE OR HAVE THE ACCOUNT CONFISCATED ACCORDING
TO THE LAW. SINCE I HAVE BEEN UNSUCCESSFUL IN LOCATING
THE RELATIVES FOR OVER 3 YEARS NOW,I SEEK YOUR CONSENT
TO PRESENT YOU AS THE NEXT-OF-KIN OF THE DECEASED
SINCE YOU ARE ALSO A FOREIGNER SO THAT THE PROCEEDS OF
THIS ACCOUNT VALUED AT US$21M CAN BE PAID TO YOU AND I.

WE SHALL SHARE THE MONEY THUS: 70% TO ME AND 25% TO
YOU, WHILE 5% WILL BE USED TO RE-IMBURSE ANY EXPENSES
THAT MIGHT BE INCURRED ON BOTH ENDS AND TO SERVICE THE
TAX THAT MIGHT BE INCURRED IN YOUR COUNTRY. I HAVE ALL
THE NECESSARY LEGAL DOCUMENTS THAT WILL BE ADJUSTED TO
FAVOUR YOU AND TO BACK UP ANY CLAIM WE MAY MAKE. ALL I
REQUIRE IS YOUR HONEST COOPERATION TO ENABLE US SEE
THIS DEAL THROUGH. I GUARANTEE THAT THIS WILL BE
EXECUTED UNDER A LEGITIMATE ARRANGEMENT THAT WILL
PROTECT YOU FROM ANY BREACH OF THE LAW. MY EMAIL ADDRESS
IS: martinsade@yahoo.co.uk

YOURS SINCERELY,
MARTINS ADE
 
N.B. PLEASE INDICATE YOUR TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS FOR EASY 
COMMUNICATION.







</p>

</body></html>