<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gAEFkKj05391" />
<meta name="subject" content="TRUST TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MRS MARIAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS MARIAM ABACHA &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="elixwilliam@usa.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-11-14T15:46:11Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="presidentwifeng@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gAEFkKj05391" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="presidentwifeng@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TRUST TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200211141546.gAEFk9eS019479@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MRS MARIAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS MARIAM ABACHA &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MRS MARIAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS MARIAM ABACHA &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-11-14T15:46:11Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0 communication immediately. And upon receipt of your" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-11-14T15:46:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Nov 14 10:46:28 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt; the Government so far is in the tune of $700. Million" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200211141546.gAEFk9eS019479@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS MARIAM ABACHA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MRS MARIAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS MARIAM ABACHA &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-16" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS MARIAM ABACHA &lt;elixwilliam@usa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200211141546.gAEFk9eS019479@cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>TRUST TRANSACTION</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

A Very Good day to you   

I am Mrs Mariam Abacha. I got your contact from a
close Associate of mine who works with the Nigerian
Chamber of Commerce and Industry  who visited your
country for an International Trade Fair upon my quest
for a trusted and reliable foreign businessman or
company. 
He however gave me the assurance that you can be
trusted to handle a transaction of this magnitude.
Following the sudden death of my husband General Sani
Abacha the late Former Head of State of Nigeria in
1998, I have been thrown into a state of utter
confusion, frustration and hopelessness 
by the present civilian administration, I have been
subjected to physical and psychological torture by the
security agents in the country. 
As a widow that is so traumatized, I have lost
confidence with anybody within the country. You must
have heard over the media reports and the internet on
the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited
by my husband in different security firms abroad, some
companies willingly give up their secrets and
disclosed our money confidently lodged there or many
outright blackmail. In fact the total sum discovered
by
 the Government so far is in the tune of $700. Million
dollars. And they are not relenting to make me poor
for life. I will give you more information  as to this
regard as soon as you reply. I repose great confidence
in you hence my approach to you due to security
network placed on my day to day  affairs I cannot
afford to visit the embassy so that is why I decided
to contact you and I hope you will not betray my
confidence in you. I have deposited  the sum of US$35
million dollars with a security firm abroad whose name
is withheld for now until we open communication. I
shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into
your account for safekeeping. This arrangement is
known to you and my family lawyer who shall deal
directly with you as I am still under house arrest. I
am seriously considering to settle down abroad as soon
as this fund get into your account so that I can start
all over again if only you wish, but if it is
possible, 
just help me in diverting this funds into your bank
account which will accrue you 20% of this fund. Please
honesty is the watchword in this transaction. And
should you accept my terms, kindly send me an email
signifying your interest to my email box as this is
only safe for me now so that we can commence
 communication immediately. And upon receipt of your
message of interest, I shall give you a more detailed
picture of things. In case you don't accept please do
not let me out to the security as I am giving you this
information in total trust and confidence.NO RISK IS
INVOLVED AS IAM STILL IN CONTROL OF MY HUSBANDS
AFFAIRS. I will greatly appreciate if you accept my
proposal in good faith. 

Please expedite action.    

Prefer all further correspondence be sent via
presidentwifeng@indiatimes.com but please copy this email:profadams@
usa.com

sincerely yours   

Hajia Mariam Abacha.    
for certain comfirmations. Please logg into this internet sites
www.swissmoney.net/briefs.htm and www.thisdayonline.com.ng
click on archive, then click on 2001, click on march 10th,




</p>

</body></html>