<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-dir" content="" />
<meta name="subject" content="Co-Operation" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+233 208216645" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="g_akwesi@bancora.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+233 27621073" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;35828.217.161.67.5.1114275194.squirrel@217.161.67.5&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Co-Operation" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        Sat, 23 Apr 2005 18:53:14 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;35828.217.161.67.5.1114275194.squirrel@217.161.67.5&gt; &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;http" content="//www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/&gt; and" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Godwin Akwesi&quot; &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt; &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Godwin Akwesi &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-04-23T16:53:14Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-04-23T16:53:14Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Apr 23 12:53:40 2005" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Godwin Akwesi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Godwin Akwesi&quot; &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt; &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Godwin Akwesi &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Godwin Akwesi &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;35828.217.161.67.5.1114275194.squirrel@217.161.67.5&gt; &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Godwin Akwesi&quot; &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt; &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Godwin Akwesi &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-04-23T16:53:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-args" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Primary Hostname - ns1.banfer.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Original Domain - UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [47 12] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Sender Address Domain - bancora.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="g_akwesi@mail.az &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="g_akwesi@mail.az" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Godwin Akwesi&quot; &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt; &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Godwin Akwesi &lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Primary Hostname - ns1.banfer.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Original Domain - UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [47 12] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Sender Address Domain - bancora.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Dir" content=" " />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;g_akwesi@bancora.net&gt; Sat, 23 Apr 2005 18:53:14 +0200 (CEST) &lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Args" content=" " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1592" />
<title>Co-Operation</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MR. GODWIN AKWESI
TEL: +233 208216645
FAX: +233 27621073
Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that this letter is not a
hoax mail and I urge you to treat it serious. This letter must come to you
as a big surprise, but I believe it is only a day that people meet and
become great friends and business partners.
My name is Mr. Godwin Akwesi, the present branch Manager of a bank here in
Ghana. I write you this proposal in good faith, believing that I can trust
you with the information I am about to reveal to you. Like I said, I have
a transaction that will benefit both of us, as your assistance is required
as a foreigner. I use to head the Accounts department in my bank head
office, but last December I was asked to take position of a Manager of our
branch in Kumasi who passed on, so that was how I became the present
Manager and discovered a fortune. As I resumed duty, I discovered an
account with total sum of $12,500,000 million that has not been operated
on for the past 4 years. From my investigation, I found out that this
account belongs to one Late Mr. Morris Thompson an American great
industrialist and a resident of Alaska, who unfortunately lost his life in
the plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 which crashed on January 31
2000, including his wife and only daughter.
You shall read more news about the crash on visiting this site which I got
during my investigation;
&lt;http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/&gt; and
//www.nativefederation.org/history/people/mThompson.html
The account is escrow call account, a secret type of account in my bank
and no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it,
the account has no other beneficiary. I have kept a close monitoring of
the account since then and nobody has come forward to ask about the money
as next of kin to the late Mr. Morris Thompson, meaning that no one is
aware of the account.
I cannot directly take out this money without the help of a foreigner and
that is why I am contacting you for an assistance to claim the funds and
share it with me. As the Manager of my bank branch, I have the power to
influence the release of the funds to any foreigner that comes up as the
next of kin to the account, with the correct information concerning the
account, which I shall give you.
I am seeking your co-operation to present you as the next of kin to the
account, so that my bank head quarters will release the funds to you.
There is practically no risk involved, the transaction will be executed
under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of
law.
If you accept to work with me, I want you to state how you wish us to
share the funds in percentage, so that both parties will be satisfied.
Contact me as soon as you receive this message if you feel we can work
together, so we can go over the details.
Thanking you in advance and may God bless you.
Please, treat with utmost confidentiality. I wait your urgent response.
You can as well contact me by phone the number is +233208216645.
Regards,
Mr. Godwin Akwesi.



















&lt;hr /&gt; 
---- Recogida de firmas para el Defensor del Pueblo ----&lt;br /&gt;
---- Necesitamos tu ayuda ----
&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
--------- &lt;a href="http://www.bancora.com/fibromialgia"&gt;http://www.bancora.com/fibromialgia&lt;/a&gt; ----------&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt; 
---- Llega el día de la Madre. Envíele flores ----&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
--------- &lt;a href="http://www.bancora.com/flores.php"&gt;http://flores.bancora.com&lt;/a&gt; ----------&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
------------ &lt;a href=\"http://www.bancora.net\"&gt;http://www.bancora.net&lt;/a&gt; ------------&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
------ El correo gratuito de Báncora.com -------&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
--------- Visite &lt;a href=\"http://www.bancora.com\"&gt;http://www.bancora.com&lt;/a&gt; --------&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;



</p>

</body></html>