<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Replay " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//terramail.terra.com.mx/TerraMail/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.terra.com.mx/acceso/suscribete/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.decompras.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Replay " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="creator" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;adamswilliams@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Apr 25 06:40:28 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;adamswilliams@terra.com.mx&gt; I am Mr.Adams Williams  the newly appointed chairman, contract reviewing=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="Author" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1594" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="adamswilliams@terra.com.mx" />
<title>Urgent Replay </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear, Meade

First, i must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction, this
is by virture of it nature as being utterly confidential and top secret.study
this portion carefully and advice categorically, if you will be able to
handle,as i might not want to be
exposed of the information considering the source and reputation of my name.

 I am Mr.Adams Williams  the newly appointed chairman, contract reviewing
committee(CRC) of the   ministry of works and housing (FMW&amp;H) in Lome,Togo.
I am seeking your assistance to enable me transfer the sum of US$17,000,000.00
into your account for mutual benefits.

This money came about as a result of contract executed on behalf of my ministry,the
(ministry of works and housing).This contract was officially assigned to
be awarded and executed by two foreign contractors at the tune of US$80,000,000.00,but
in the course of our negotiation, we bargaineed with only one foreign contractor,
a bulgarian firm which now executed the contract at the cost of US$63,500,000.00.Thus
leaving the remaining US$17M to our (members of the CRP) benefits unknown
to the contractor any other person in my ministry.This contract has been
satisfactorily executed and inspected as the bulgarian firm is presently
securing his payment from my ministry. It is however to this effect that
i seek your maximum assistance and approval to present your company name
alongside with bulgarian contractor as the second foreign contractor to
enable me transfer the difference (US$17M) into your account for further
investment depending on your advice. On actualization of the transaction,
fund will be shared thus:

1. 40% of the money go to you for acting as the beneficiary of the funds.

2. 10% for reimbursement to both parties for incidential expenses that may
be incurred in the course of the transaction for insurance,phone bills,documentation
etc.

3. 50% for me. All logistics are in place and all modalities worked out
for the smooth actualization of the transaction within fourteen working
days of commencement after receiving the following information by fax:your
company's name, address, phone/fax numbers and the activities of your company.

The above information will enable me make application and lodge claims to
concerned ministries in favour of your company or name  and it is pertinent
to state here that this deal is entirely based on trust and the fear of
God.

If you are able to handle this,feel free to reach at {adams_williams2001@yahoo.co.uk}
for a perfect understanding of the transaction.
Thanks in anticipation of your positive response.

Yours faithfully.

Mr.Adams Williams.

___________________________________________________________________________
Con Terra MAIL obtienes 6MB de espacio además de bloqueo ANTISPAM
http://terramail.terra.com.mx/TerraMail/
Acceso a Internet 3 x 1, desde ¡$179 pesos al mes!
http://www.terra.com.mx/acceso/suscribete/
Encuentra los mejores productos y precios increibles!!
Aprovecha nuestra promoción a 12 pagos sin intereses con Banamex y Bancomer
http://www.decompras.com/





</p>

</body></html>