<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[193.219.234.65]" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dr.MRS MARIAM ABACHA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-02T09:11:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="abacha_abacha200@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;4246295D00048478@nfs01.in.adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dr.MRS MARIAM ABACHA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="abacha_abacha200@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;4246295D00048478@nfs01.in.adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="creator" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-02T09:11:44Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-02T09:11:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May  2 05:13:47 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="Author" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[193.219.234.65]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1608" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="abachaabacha200@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;4246295D00048478@nfs01.in.adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<title>Dr.MRS MARIAM ABACHA</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTENTION

Dear; I am delighted to write this letter to you hoping that you will understand
my predicament and answer back without hesitation. I am MRS.MARIAM ABACHA
wife of the late Nigerian Head of State GENERAL SANI ABACHA. I got your
contact through business inquires from the chamber or commerce as I was
making contact for a Honest foreigner who will help save my life and my
children, hence our country has been frustrating to us since the death of
my husband.

I am in possession of $35,000.000 (THIRTY FIVE MILLION U.S DOLLARS) which
I want to invest in your country. For your clarification and understanding,
this money is in a truck box which was deposited with a security company
indisguise as a family treasure DIAMOND AND GOLD since 5th of May 1999.
it is not an ill gotten wealth rather it was WILLED to me by my late husband.
On your acceptance to render this assistance to me, I will instruct the
security company to effect the change of ownership of this fund to your
name as the bona-fide owner/my next of kin to enable you retrieve the fund
since the box can not be moved out of our country by the family's name.


It is very important that you forward to me your full name ,your private
telephone and fax numbers/occupation,to enable me send all relevant documents
pertaining the deposit of this fund to you. Bear in mind that this transaction
demands absolute confidentiality because all properties,assets and bank
accounts both local and international bearing the ABACHA'S family name,
are been confiscated by the Already elected civilian President of Nigeria
so called (President Olusegun Obasanjo)hence I will not want to be exposed
this is to aviod losing the money.

For your knowledge, 20% of this fund $35,000.000 (THIRTY FIVE MILLION U.S
DOLLARS) will be given to you if you assist me to secure this fund and another
10% has set aside for all the expenses you might incur during the process
of securing this fund. Example: TELEPHONE/FAX BILLS and any other miscellaneous
expenses. And bear in mind that this is the only remaining fund for the
survival of my family. Nevertheless if you are in any reason not intrested
in this proposal kindly inform me so that i will start to look for another
reliable contact

Thanks as I wait for your immediate response
Please you can view this website and see how my
family's name is been messed up;


Yours truly.

Dr.MRS MARIAM ABACHA





</p>

</body></html>