<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="transaction" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Barrister Jim Douglas&quot; &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Barrister Jim Douglas &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jim_dou123@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-02T09:56:55Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jim_dou@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jim_dou@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="transaction" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200505021152.j42BqFeb008362@greetings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Barrister Jim Douglas&quot; &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Barrister Jim Douglas &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Barrister Jim Douglas&quot; &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Barrister Jim Douglas &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-02T09:56:55Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-02T09:56:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May  2 07:52:17 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200505021152.j42BqFeb008362@greetings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Barrister Jim Douglas" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Barrister Jim Douglas&quot; &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Barrister Jim Douglas &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1610" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Barrister Jim Douglas &lt;jim_dou123@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200505021152.j42BqFeb008362@greetings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>transaction</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Barrister Jim Douglas.
Attorneys/Legal Practitioner
Dakar Senegal
Dear Friend,

Compliments of the day. Grace and peace and love
&gt;From this part of the Atlantic.

Dear Friend,

I am Barrister jim douglas, a Solicitor and Advocate, the personal
attorney to late Mr. Neil Frazer a National of France, who used to be a
private contractor with the Shell Petroleum Development Company in
Senegal, herein after shall be referred to as my client. On the 21st
of April 2001, he and his wife with their three children were involved
in an auto crash, all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their
lives.

Since then, I have made several enquiries with his country's embassies
to locate any of my clients extended relatives: This has proved
unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to contact
you with this business partnership proposal. I have contacted you to
assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my client
before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the
Finance/Security Company where this huge deposit was lodged. The deceased had a
deposit valued presently at $21million US Dollars and the Company has
issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or Beneficiary by Will
otherwise have the account confiscated within the next thirty official
working days.

Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2
Years now, I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / Will
Beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued
at $21Million US dollars can be paid to you. This will be disbursed or
shared in these percentages, 60% to me and 40% to you.
I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any
claim we may make. All I require is your honest Co-operation,
Confidentiality and Trust to enable us see this transaction through.

I guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please
get in touch with me urgently by E-mail: bar_jim123@yahoo.com &lt;mailto:bar_jim123@yahoo.com&gt;. I am
presently in Dakar.
Please, provide me the following:
1. Full Name
2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
3. Your Contact Address.

Your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated.
Best regards,

Truly yours,

Jim Douglas, Esq.
+221 50 65 447






</p>

</body></html>