<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Sam White&quot; &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Sam White &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+874763591545" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-03T22:49:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+874763591546" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sr_pin_91man@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;58007.80.179.102.243.1115160544.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sr_pin_91man@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        Wed, 4 May 2005 00:49:04 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;58007.80.179.102.243.1115160544.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Sam White&quot; &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Sam White &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Sam White&quot; &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Sam White &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-03T22:49:04Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 (URGENT TRANSFER)" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-03T22:49:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May  3 18:49:36 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt; Wed, 4 May 2005 00:49:04 +0200 (CEST) Good Day My Dear," />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Sam White" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Sam White&quot; &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Sam White &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1617" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Sam White &lt;sr_whit_1mans@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;58007.80.179.102.243.1115160544.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt;" />
<title>URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>#20 Louis Botha Avenue,
Johannesburg.South Africa.
Tel: +874763591545
Fax: +874763591546

     (URGENT TRANSFER)

        Good Day My Dear,

We want to transfer to overseas the sum of One hundred and Forfty Two
Million United States Dollars (U.S.$142,000,000.00) from a in Africa.

I want to ask you to kindly look for a reliable and honest person who will
be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up
a new bank account immediately to receive this  oney,though an empty bank
account could serve this purpose as long as you will remain honest to me
till the end of this important business trusting in you and believing in
God that you will never let me down either now or in time to come.

I am Mr.Sam White ,the external auditor of a Bank.During the course of our
auditing,I discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in
1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on this account again.After going
through some old files in the records, I discovered that the owner of the
account died without a Heir apparent to the throne hence the money is
floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be
forfeited for nothing.

The owner of this account who is Mr.Eshed.B.Willey,a foreigner and an
industrialist died, since 1990,until now no other person(s) knows about
this account or could give any documentary evidence concerning this
account. As such this account has no other beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me as well that Eshed.B.Willey until his death was
the manager Oriental Diamond Company,in South Africa. However, if you are
interested in this business we will start the first money transfer with
Forfty Two Million
U.S.Dollars (U.S.$42,000,000.00) upon successful transaction without any
disappointment from you. We shall also re-apply for the payment of the
remaining amount to your account.

While the total amount involved is One hundred and Forfty Two Million
United States Dollars (U.S.$142000,000.00)only. I would want us to make a
first transfer of Forfty Two Million United States
Dollar.(U.S.$4200,000.00)from this money into a safe foreigners account
abroad before the rest. I am only contacting you as a foreigner because
this money can not be approved to a local account, without valid
international foreign Agreement, but could only be approved to any
foreigner with valid international credentials: passport or drivers
license and foreign account because this sum is in U.S. dollars and the
former owner of the account Mr.Eshed.B.Willey is a foreigner too, thus the
money could only be approved into a foreign account. However, knowing all
this, we will reach a binding agreement in this regards.As a matter of
urgency, I will inform you the next step to take, while you Send your
private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account
to be used for the deposit.I want us to meet face to face to build
confidence and to sign a binding agreement that will
bind us together before transferring the money to any account of your
choice where the fund will be safe.sharing and investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this business a success, because the
management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has
correct information of this account,which I will give to you,upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you are capable and will
meet up with the instructions of a key bank official who is deeply
involved with me in this business. I need your strong assurance that you
will never let me down. I would like you to send me your information as
stated below:

(1) Your Private: Tele&amp; Fax Number :

(2) Bank Name:

(3) Bank Address:

(4) Account Number:

(5) Account Name:

(6) Swift Code / Routing Number if any:

With my influence and the position in the bank we can transfer this money
to any foreigner's reliable account which you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your
country for sharing. And to build confidence that you can come immediately
to discuss with me face to face after which I will make this remittance in
your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two days
ahead of the money going into the account.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I hear from you that
you are ready to act as directed. To prove the authenticity of the
business I will use my position and influence to obtain all legal
approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries,foreign exchange
departments, embassy and Board of Internal Revenue services. At the
conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the total amount,
60% will be for me,while 5% will be for expenses both parties might have
incurred during this process.

I look forward to your earliest reply.

Regards and God Bless,

Mr White.










--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nueva Barra de Herramientas de OZÚ. Navega Más facilmente por Internet.
¡Descargatela gratis! http://barra.ozu.es/
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Correo enviado desde http://www.ozu.es


</p>

</body></html>