<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="bzulu64@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="why i contacted you sir!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;BONGIES ZULU&quot; &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="BONGIES ZULU &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.co.za/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="bzulu64@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-18T11:25:10Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bzulu64@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bzulu64@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="bzulu64@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="why i contacted you sir!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="18 May 2005 11:25:11.0097 (UTC) FILETIME=[40D9D290:01C55B9C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[bzulu64@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;BONGIES ZULU&quot; &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="BONGIES ZULU &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;BONGIES ZULU&quot; &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="BONGIES ZULU &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-18T11:25:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-18T11:25:10Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="bzulu64@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="18 May 2005 11:25:11.0097 (UTC) FILETIME=[40D9D290:01C55B9C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="bzulu64@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May 18 07:25:12 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[bzulu64@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="BONGIES ZULU" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;BONGIES ZULU&quot; &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="BONGIES ZULU &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1635" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="BONGIES ZULU &lt;bzulu64@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>why i contacted you sir!</title>
</head>
<body><p>BONGIES ZULU
TEL; +27-76-223-9702
E-mail: bzulu64@hotmail.com

Dear Sir/Madam,

I am BONGIES ZULU from Cape Town, South Africa and I am an Executive
Accountant with the South Africa Department of Mining &amp; Natural Resources
affiliated (created) to the Department of Minerals and Energy. First and
foremost, I apologized using this medium to reach you for a
transaction/business of this magnitude, but this is due to Confidentiality
and prompt access reposed on this medium.

Be informed that a member of the South African Export Promotion Council
(SEPC) who was at the Government delegation to your country during a trade
exhibition gave your enviable credentials/particulars to me. I plea to seek
a confidential co-operation with you in the execution of the deal described
Hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it as a top
secret because of the nature of this transaction.

Within the Department of Mining &amp; Natural Resources where I work as an
Executive Accountant and with the cooperation of two other top officials, we
have in our possession as overdue payment bills totaling TEN MILLION FIVE
HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLAR, (10.5) which we want to transfer abroad with the
assistance and cooperation of a foreign company/individual to receive the
said fund on our behalf or a reliable foreign non-company account to receive
such funds. More so, we are handicapped in the circumstances, as the South
Africa Civil Service Code of Conduct does not allow us to operate offshore
account hence your importance in the whole transaction.

This amount TEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLAR ($10.5m)
represents the balance of the total contract value executed on behalf of my
Department by a foreign contracting firm, which we the officials
over-invoiced deliberately. Though the actual contract cost have been paid
to the original contractor, leaving the balance in the tune of the said
amount which we have in principles gotten approval to remit by Telegraphic
Transfer (T.T) to any foreign bank account you will provide by filing in an
application through the Justice Ministry here in South Africa for the
transfer of rights and privileges of the former contractor to you.

I have the authority of my partners involved to propose that, should you be
willing to assist us in this transaction that is 100% hitch free, your share
of the sum will be 25% of the $10.5 million, 70% for us and 5% for taxation
and miscellaneous expenses. The business itself is 100% safe, on your part
provided you treat it with utmost secrecy and confidentiality. Also your
area of specialization is not a hindrance to the successful execution of
this transaction. I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will
not disappoint me.

Endeavor to contact me through above e-mail address or the fax number
whether or not you are interested in this deal. If you are not, it will
enable me scout for another foreign partner to carry out this deal I want to
assure you that my partners and myself are in a position to make the payment
of this claim possible provided you can give us a very strong Assurance and
guarantee that our share will be secured. And please remember to treat this
as very confidential because, we will not comprehend with any form of
exposure as we are still in active Government Service and remember once
again that, time is of the essence in this business.

I wait in anticipation of your fullest co-operation.

Yours faithfully,

BONGIES ZULU

_________________________________________________________________
Get news headlines and download FREE stuff - visit MSN South Africa! 
http://www.msn.co.za/



</p>

</body></html>