<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.91.227.195" />
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Message" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-18T14:32:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="madam.AdeleMbonjo2005@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1116426734.428b51eec6c86@imp1-q.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="madam.AdeleMbonjo2005@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Message" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	by imp1-q.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP 	for &lt;kapito@imap.free.fr&gt;; Wed, 18 May 2005 16:32:14 +0200" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1116426734.428b51eec6c86@imp1-q.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-18T14:32:14Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 for &lt;kapito@imap.free.fr&gt;; Wed, 18 May 2005 16:32:14 +0200" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-18T14:32:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May 18 10:38:30 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; by imp1-q.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.91.227.195" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1637" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Madam Adele Mbonjo &lt;madam.AdeleMbonjo2004@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1116426734.428b51eec6c86@imp1-q.free.fr&gt;" />
<title>Urgent Message</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearest One,

I am Madam.Adele Mbonjo,the former manager of the
Central African Republic's former President Bédel Bokassa
Boganda. I'm presently in house arrest here in Bangui
the state capital, after the military's putch. I found
your address in the commercial directory we have in
our Chamber of Commerce.

First of all, I'm very sorry for the way I get in
touch with you for such a matter. But because of poor
or un-reliable communication technology and the
confidentiality of this business, are the reasons that
prompted me to do so. I would like to have a
partnership with you, in order to invest a sum of
thirty five Million USD(35,000,000 USD) in profitable
sectors in your country, as long as you are interested
in my offer.

I got this money from cash donations by foreign
contractors I've granted many contracts in my
department. As a close aide to the former President, I
couldn't use our banking system to transfer such an
amount without a trace. This could cause me a serious
problem . Even presently, the new President has
decided to freeze all the abroad banking accounts of
all those who were close to Mr. Boganda. We are placed
under security close watch while my travelling papers
are seized.

During my tenure in government, I used the government
decoy system to carry out this money abroad where know
one know about in packaged box. I will inform you as
soon as we progress for future claims due to the
instability in politics here presently. The security
holding company are not aware of the contents hence I
coded it as Gold Bar/Personal Effect.


So I'm now without any source of Income. The situation
above has lead me to ask for your co-operation for the
claiming out of the security holding company for
further safe-keeping of these funds, for solid and
reliable projects of investment. I respectfully
suggest a gift of 20% of this sum for your help and
your efforts. I mean USD $7,000,000 Million. I rely on
you as a respectful and honest person to take care of
this transaction with sincerity, confidence and
confidentiality.

I've decided to look for a confidential co-operation
with you in this business, despite the fact that we've
never met. I hope you will keep this as a great
confidential business because of the nature of this
transaction. I will make sure you take possession of
the funds, by providing a process without
difficulties.

I would like to hear from you on receipt of this mail,
by showing me your good will and possibilities, so
that I can give you more details. This matter requires
a particular attention and an absolute confidentiality
from you.

I will be expecting your response to this mail,
whatever the decision you come up with, let me know
through this my private email

Yours Sincerely,
Madam.Adele Mbonjo






</p>

</body></html>