<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM GOODWILL MPENZA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR. GOODWILL MPENZA&quot; &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR. GOODWILL MPENZA &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="savim_5@email.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-03-29T12:25:14Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="goodwill_pen@themail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="goodwill_pen@themail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM GOODWILL MPENZA" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200303291210.h2TCARx28349@perfectworld.mr.itd.UM&gt; This transaction is itself risk free and should be concluded within the next ten to" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR. GOODWILL MPENZA&quot; &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR. GOODWILL MPENZA &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR. GOODWILL MPENZA&quot; &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR. GOODWILL MPENZA &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-03-29T12:25:14Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-03-29T12:25:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Mar 29 07:10:39 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;savim_5@email.com&gt; We have also planned the execution of this deal perfectly both in the area of" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200303291210.h2TCARx28349@perfectworld.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR. GOODWILL MPENZA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR. GOODWILL MPENZA&quot; &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR. GOODWILL MPENZA &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-164" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR. GOODWILL MPENZA &lt;savim_5@email.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200303291210.h2TCARx28349@perfectworld.mr.itd.UM&gt; This transaction is itself risk free and should be concluded within the next ten to" />
<title>FROM GOODWILL MPENZA</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear sir,

This business will be of interest to you and your business and
involves $30,000,000.00, which emanated from over invoiced contracts executed
on behalf of my ministry of minerals and Energy, by foreign contractor.
Though the actual contract value has been paid to the original
contractor,GUILDER MINING (PTY) SA, now in-liquidation. We have however included
our billforthe over invoiced amount of US$30m amongst the present bills
that are scheduled for payment in the name of the company in-liquidation.
 We have also planned the execution of this deal perfectly both in the area of
documentation and the changing of beneficiary from the company in
liquidation that we had used to apply for payment, to the name, which
you will forward to us. I shall supply you with all the relevant documents
relating to this transaction as soon as we establish a working
relationship. For purpose of clarity, we are four in number here who are
strategically placed in the Department of Minerals and Energy for the smooth and
swift transfer of these funds to your nominated account.
 This transaction is itself risk free and should be concluded within the next ten to
fourteen working days if you follow my instructions carefully and we work
closely as a team.  Where you are going to come in is this. We are going to
effect a change of company name from GUILDER MINING (PTY) SA to your company
so as to legalize your company as the bona fide beneficiary of the contract
sum. In this regard we will do the incorporation of your company here and
reflect your company as having taken over the assets of Guilder Mining (pty).
Once we complete this process, your company will now be legally entitled
to the US$30m, which the Department of Minerals and Energy owes GUILDER
MINING (PTY) SA. We will thereafter use your company's name to apply for the
payment Meanwhile, please send me your confidential telephone/fax numbers, to
enable us to speak first and know ourselves better. You can also
contact me on my confidential sat phone-+871763427855 fax-+871763427856. I
promise that you will not regret helping us, you have my personal word of honor. My
colleagues and I strive for the commitment to operate only on high
standards of integrity and honesty. We need the same honesty and commitment to
this transaction from you.
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation.
My Sincere Regards.
Dr Goodwill mpenza






</p>

</body></html>