<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr Nais Mohamed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Nais Mohamed&quot; &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Nais Mohamed &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nasirmohamed1@walla.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-22T17:31:27Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nasirmohamed@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nasirmohamed@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr Nais Mohamed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200505211926.j4LJQALk018493@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Nais Mohamed&quot; &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Nais Mohamed &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Nais Mohamed&quot; &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Nais Mohamed &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-22T17:31:27Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-22T17:31:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat May 21 15:26:19 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200505211926.j4LJQALk018493@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Nais Mohamed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Nais Mohamed&quot; &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Nais Mohamed &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1647" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Nais Mohamed &lt;nasirmohamed1@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200505211926.j4LJQALk018493@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>From Mr Nais Mohamed</title>
</head>
<body><p>


Dear Sir,

I Hope This Mail Meets You In Good Health And Spirit, I Am, Mr Nasir
Mohamed, A Sierra Leonia. Presently, I Live As A Refugee In republic of
senegal dakar , With My Younger Sister, Aminata.I Am A Victim Of War And The
Son Of Late Chief Dr.Mohamed Bah The Assassinated Former Assistant Director
Of Sierra Leone Gold And Diamond Mining Corporation.
My Father Was Killed With Other Government Officials During Official
Hours When The Rebel Troops Stormed And Raided The Mining Corporation
Office At The Heat Of The Crisis In My Country. A Few Weeks Later, The
Rebels Also Invaded Our Residential Building In Which My Mother And Two Of
Our Security Men Were Killed In The Compound While I Was Out For A Special
Research Program And My Younger Sister Was In School.
I Had A Singular Shock And Trauma, Which Compelled Us To Flee From The
Country To republic of senegal dakar By The Help Of An Army Colonel, Who Is
A Close Friend Of My Late Father,We Would Like To Further Our Education If
Not For The Death Of My Parents. I Have Never Worked To Earn My Living Since
My Late Parents Had Enough Wealth For Us.
I Am Contacting You Now Because Of The Present Difficulty I Am Facing.
Unfortunately My Father's Two Accounts In West Africa Have Recently Been
Frozen.However This Did Not Affect The Ten Million And Six Hundred Thousand
Us-Dollars(Us$ 10,600,000), Which He Kept In a Foreign Finance Fairm Banking
On My Name As The Next Of Kin.
For Now, I Am Having Every Information And Document Needed For The
Clearance Of The Money In The Foreign Finance Firm Banking Here With Me And
I Want You To Act As The Beneficiary Of The Fund For Easy And Smooth
Transfer To Your Account Abroad For Investment Purposes.
You Will No Doubt Be Adequately Compensated With As Well As A Percentage Of
The Profit From Investment Of The Fund. Also You Will See To It That My
Sister And I Come Over To Your Country At The Earliest Possible Time.
I Am Making This Request To You With Tears In My Eyes And I Feel That God
Almighty Will Touch You With His Spirit To Listen To My Cry For Help And
Answer Me Without Delay.Since Our Breadwinner Is No More And This Is The
Only Hope For Life.You Positive Response Will Give Me The Greatest Joy And
Relief. God Bless You For Your Kind Assistance We Have Agreed To Offer You
35% Of The Total Sum.Seriously Waiting For Your Urgent Reply Below
Email:nasirmohamed2005@walla.com

Best regard,
MR.Nasir Mohamed





</p>

</body></html>