<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="God Bless You My Dear Contact Me!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza&quot; &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-24T01:40:31Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ebony_ang@codehot.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ebony_ang@codehot.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="God Bless You My Dear Contact Me!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKuxu-1DZqdx3cIl-0007NX@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKuxu-1DZqdx3cIl-0007NX@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza&quot; &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza&quot; &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-24T01:40:31Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-24T01:40:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun May 22 09:37:34 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza&quot; &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1648" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza &lt;angel_ebony@codehot.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKuxu-1DZqdx3cIl-0007NX@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>God Bless You My Dear Contact Me!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello My Dear,
Please forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as a
surprise I got your contact from a database found in internet while
searching for a reliable and honest person that will assist us receive a fund
intoan account.I was divinely inspired to pick your name among other  names
found in the Internet database. After series of prayers and fasting
for Gods direction.
I am Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza a citizen of Columbia undergoing
currently medical treatment. I am married to Dr. Dazza Lamin who  worked
with the Malaysia Embassy in South Africa for nine years before he died in
the year 2000. We were married for eleven years without a  child.He died
after
a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before  his death we
were both born again Christians. Since his death I decided not to re-marry
or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bible is against.
When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $15 Million
(Fifteen million  U.S.Dollars) with a finance/security company in  ASIA.The money
is inside one trunk boxes, but nobody knew that the boxes  contained money
apart from me and my late husband, the boxes was deposited as Photographic
Materials. Presently, this money is still with the Security Company.
Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not live for the next three months
due to my cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my disability
to move around which is a partial paralysis. Having known my condition
I decided to donate this fund to a church or a mosque or better still a
Christian or a Moslem individual that will utilize this money the way I am going
to instruct herein. I want a church or Mosque or the individual
beneficiary that will inherit this to use it for churches or Mosque orphanages and
widows propagating the word of God and to ensure that the house of God is
beautified.They said blessed is the hand that giveth. I took this decision because
I do not have any child that will inherit this money and my husband's
relatives are not Christians and I don't want my husband's hard earned money to
be mis-used by unbelievers. I do not want a situation where this money
will be used in an ungodly manner,hence the reason for taking this bold
decision.I am not afraid of death because I know where I am going. I know that I
am going to be in the bossom of my Saviour.
If you feel you are worthy enough to make yourself available  in this
project, let me know immediately you read my mail. GOD will surely provide  for
you the power and strenght to accomplish this. All things work together for
good for those who love GOD. Waiting for your urgent response. I do not
need any telephone conversation in this regard because of my health,and
because of the presence of my husband?s relatives who are always around
me. I do not want them to know about this development.
Thank you and God bless.
Yours sincerely,
Mrs.Angelina Ebony Lamin.








</p>

</body></html>