<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-RBL-Warning" content="warn.bl.perfora.net says: " />
<meta name="subject" content="partnership" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;morgan  xhosa&quot; &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="morgan  xhosa &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-23T21:04:29Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="partnership" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DaK6d25UJ-0003aD@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-rbl-warning" content="warn.bl.perfora.net says: " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DaK6d25UJ-0003aD@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;morgan  xhosa&quot; &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="morgan  xhosa &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;morgan  xhosa&quot; &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="morgan  xhosa &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-23T21:04:29Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-23T21:04:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 23 17:05:15 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="morgan  xhosa" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;morgan  xhosa&quot; &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="morgan  xhosa &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1654" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="morgan  xhosa &lt;morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DaK6d25UJ-0003aD@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>partnership</title>
</head>
<body><p>DR. MORGAN  XHOSA,
DEPARTMENT OF MINERALS AND ENERGY,
PRETORIA, SOUTH AFRICA.
EMAIL:morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za


ATTN:Sir/Madam,

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT

It is my great pleasure to write you this letter on behalf of my
colleagues. Your information was given to me by a member of the South African
Export Promotion Council (SAEPC) who was with the Government delegation
on a trip to your country for a bilateral conference talk to encourage
foreign investors. I have decided to seek a confidential co-operation
with you in the execution of the deal hereunder for the benefit of all
parties and hope you will keep it confidential because of the nature of
this business.

Within the Department of Minerals &amp; Energy where I work as a Director
of Audit and Project Implementation and with the co-operation of two
other t! ! op officials, we have in our possession an overdue payment in US
funds.

The said funds represent certain percentage of the total contract value
executed on behalf of my Department by a foreign contracting firm,
which we the officials over-invoiced to the amount of US$26.500,000.00
(TwentySix Million Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars). Though the actual
contract cost has been paid to the original contractor, leaving the excess
balance unclaimed.

Since the present elected Government is determined to pay foreign
contractors all debts owed, so as to maintain good relationship with foreign
governments and non-government agencies, we included our bills for
approvals with the Department of Finance and the South Africa Reserve Bank
(SARB). We are seeking your assistance to front as beneficiary of the
unclaimed funds, since we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts.
Details and change of beneficiary information upon application for claim
to reflect payment and approvals will be secured on behalf of you/your
Company.

I have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you
be willing to assist us in this transaction your share as compensation
will be US$6.625m (25%), while my colleagues and I receive US$17.225m
(65%) and the balance of US$2.650m (10%) for taxation and miscellaneous
expenses incurred.

The business is completely safe and secure, provided you treat it with
utmost confidentiality. It does not matter whether you/your Company
does contract projects, as a transfer of powers will be secured in favour
of you/your Company. Also, your area of specialization is not a
hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction. I have reposed my
confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint us.

Kindly notify me by my email
address:morganxhosa2005@workmail.co.za
for further details upon your acceptance of this proposal.

T! ! hanks for your co-operation.

Regards,

DR.MORGAN XHOSA.


N.B Please email your confidential Telephone number to enable me contact you
for further clarifications.




</p>

</body></html>