<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[80.179.107.84]" />
<meta name="subject" content="MY MAIL MESSAGE TO YOU!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;joseph cabutti&quot; &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="joseph cabutti &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-26T05:49:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cabutti1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="cabutti_joseph@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;428C18CE00012425@nfs03.in.adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MY MAIL MESSAGE TO YOU!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="cabutti_joseph@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;428C18CE00012425@nfs03.in.adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;joseph cabutti&quot; &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="joseph cabutti &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;joseph cabutti&quot; &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="joseph cabutti &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-26T05:49:28Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-26T05:49:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May 26 01:50:21 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="joseph cabutti" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;joseph cabutti&quot; &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="joseph cabutti &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[80.179.107.84]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1659" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="joseph cabutti &lt;cabutti1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;428C18CE00012425@nfs03.in.adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<title>MY MAIL MESSAGE TO YOU!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mr.Joseph Cabutti
20 SILVER CRESCENT,
Enugu,Nigeria.

Compliment of the day

I am Joseph Cabutti the consulting auditor with one of the prime banks here
in Nigeria. My search for a trustworthy individual/firm has led me to
you. I came across your contact while looking for a worthwhile investments
or projects that I can be affiliated with. I am writing you this letter to
ask for your support and co-operation to carry out this transaction.

The proposition

An industrialist and a foreigner who was customer of my client bank, who
died on the 25TH JULY, 2000 in CONCORDE PLANE CRASH [Flight AF4590] with
the whole passengers on board. During the course of my auditing discovered
an account opened in the bank in 1998 by this great late NDUSTRIALIST who
died without a written or oral 'WILL' attached to the account. Since his
death, I further investigated with kin interest to see if I can get any
relative of the late industrialist but all has proved abortive as no one
has come to claim his funds and no other person knows about this account
or anything concerning it.

The account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the CEO of
his company work with my client bank, he had a balance of $36,000,000.00
USD {Thirty six million united states dollars} which the bank now expects
a next of kin to claim as beneficiary, Valuable efforts are being made to
get in touch with any of the relatives but to no success. It is because of
the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any the next of kin
and the beneficiary. The management under the influence of the Chairman
and members of the Board of Directors of the bank, are making arrangement
for the funds to be declared "UNCLAIMED" and will be lost to the Federal
Government or subsequently be donated to the Trust Fund for Arms and
Ammunition to further enhance the course of war in Africa. In order to
avert this negative development, I now seek your permission to have you
stand as a next of kin to late beneficiary so that the funds USD36m would
be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary next of kin. We
wish to start the first transfer with $10,000,000.00[Ten million] and upon
successful transaction without any disappointment from your side; we shall
re-apply for the transfer of the remaining balance to your account.

I have secretly discussed this matter with a close confidant attorney whom
I must involve in order to assist us produce legal back-up documents which
would substantiate your claims and also enable us have a smooth and
successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are
going to nominate. On this note, We have secured from the probate an order
of mandamus to locate any of deceased beneficiary and more so we are
assuring you this business is 100% risk free involvement you should not
entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can be finalized
within 7 to 9 banking days, after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary
of the fund from the deceased. At the conclusion of the transfer 65% of
the fund will be for me, I will give you 20% of the total transfer sum,
10% for charity both in Africa and in your country while the remaining 5%
will be set aside to settle expenses both parties might incure during the
transfer process.

If this proposal is acceptable by you do not make undue advantage of the
trust we have bestowed on you, then kindly get to me immediately.

Please furnish me with your private Telephone and Fax Number for easy and
safe communication.

Respectfully yours,
Joseph Cabutti.



</p>

</body></html>