<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-bank" content="First National Bank of South Africa." />
<meta name="subject" content="From: Mrs. Mary Kobe " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Mary Kobe," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-name" content="Barrister cliff Alexaander." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reference" content="" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-26T08:34:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="cliffattorneys@webmail.co.za.or:cliff@mailbox.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From: Mrs. Mary Kobe " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKv6A-1DbDob0gBP-0008OB@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKv6A-1DbDob0gBP-0008OB@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Mary Kobe," />
<meta name="creator" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Mary Kobe," />
<meta name="meta:author" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-26T08:34:11Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="17 Brixton Street, Orange Groove, Johannesburg. RSA&gt;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-26T08:34:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-phone" content="+27=83-540-6943. Fax: +27-86-640-4824." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May 26 04:34:13 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Mary Kobe," />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Mary Kobe," />
<meta name="Author" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1660" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="guam362000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKv6A-1DbDob0gBP-0008OB@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>From: Mrs. Mary Kobe </title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mrs. Mary Kobe,

17 Stuttgart Avenue,

Randburg,

Johannesburg,

Republic of South Africa.

Dear Sir,

VERY CONFIDENTIAL PLEASE


I have been waiting for the Military to hand-over government of Sierra Leone 
to the Civillian. I am Mrs. Mary Kobe, widow of late General John Kobe. I 
procured your contact information from my search for a reliable person who 
is capable of handling such a proposal of such a magnitude, as my late 
husband has made it that this proposal herein will be at the betterment of 
his family, as the person to be the foreign partner will take good care of 
his investment and family as well. My late husband was one of the victims of 
the Civil war. I have been informed by one of our family's attorney who is a 
South African citizen with the name Barrister Barrister cliff Alexaandern that my late 
husband operated a secret account with a fictitious name in the FIRST 
NATIONAL BANK here in Johannesburg. In this account, he has (Thirty-nine 
Million Dollars) $39,000,000 only, which was credited in his favour.

In my husband's 'WILL' he stated that one of his partners overseas will take 
care of his family/properties. The attorney is waiting for my late husband's 
partner overseas who is to take care of his family/properties according to 
his WILL. Since no mention was made in the WILL as to who the said partner 
is, I want you to take advantage of this upon receipt of this email, you are 
to contact the family attorney with the following information:

Name: Barrister cliff Alexaander.

Address: 17 Brixton Street, Orange Groove, Johannesburg. RSA&gt;

Phone: +27=83-540-6943. Fax: +27-86-640-4824.

Email: cliffattorneys@webmail.co.za.or:cliff@mailbox.co.za

Try to contact this lawyer as urgent as possible with the following 
reference:

Amount deposited: $39,000,000 US Dollar.

Bank: First National Bank of South Africa.

Month/Year of Account: July, 1999.

Secret Code: 43/99FNB/MBW/13.00131/7.

It has been resolved by the family that 20% of the total fund shall be your 
share for presenting yourself for this purpose/assistance you will give in 
this regard,while 10% mapped-out for the re-enbursement of all local and 
international expenses, which will be incurred in the transfer process. 
Finally the remaining 70% is for myself and my children, which a good part 
of this fund shall be directed towards executing my husband's WILL, which is 
to buy shares and stocks in foriegn countries, in order to secure our 
children's future.

To facilitate this transaction, please send your telephone and fax number, 
throough which you will be contacted immediately by our attorney, which his 
information is written above. Note: This is our life and I trust you with 
it. I want you to reciprocate the same trust, which I repose in you. Give 
this matter a prompt and quick response. Please, direct your response VIA to 
our family attorney whom the information is written above and discuss with 
him towards the effective conpletion of this transaction/how to get this 
fund out of the bank. My assurance to you is that this transaction is 
hundred percent risk-free.

Best regards,

Mrs. Mary Kobe.






</p>

</body></html>