<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM WILLIAM AND SISTER.WE ARE SEEKING FOR HELP." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Bright W illiam&quot; &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Bright W illiam &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="Bright_william1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-26T15:32:45Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="Bright_william2@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="Bright_william2@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM WILLIAM AND SISTER.WE ARE SEEKING FOR HELP." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200505261532.j4QFWtxK022495@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Bright W illiam&quot; &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Bright W illiam &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Bright W illiam&quot; &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Bright W illiam &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-26T15:32:45Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-26T15:32:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May 26 11:32:58 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200505261532.j4QFWtxK022495@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Bright W illiam" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Bright W illiam&quot; &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Bright W illiam &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1662" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Bright W illiam &lt;Bright_william1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200505261532.j4QFWtxK022495@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>FROM WILLIAM AND SISTER.WE ARE SEEKING FOR HELP.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear,

I Hope This Mail Meets You In Good Health And Spirit, I Am, William Bright, A
Sierra Leonia. Presently, I Live As A Refugee In republic of senegal dakar ,  With My
Younger Sister, Claris.
I Am A Victim Of War And The Son Of Late Chief Dr.S.Ikueze The
Assassinated Former Assistant Director Of Sierra Leone Gold And Diamond Mining
Corporation.
My Father Was Killed With Other Government Officials During Official Hours When
The Rebel Troops Stormed And Raided The Mining Corporation Office At The Heat Of
The Crisis In My Country. A Few Weeks Later, The Rebels Also Invaded Our
Residential Building In Which My Mother And Two Of Our Security Men Were Killed
In The Compound While I Was Out For A Special Research Program And My Younger
Sister Was In School.

I Had A Singular Shock And Trauma, Which Compelled Us To Flee From The Country
To republic of senegal dakar By The Help Of An Army Colonel, Who Is A Close Friend Of
My Late Father,
I Have First Degree In Marketing And Would Have Further My Education If Not For
The Death Of My Parents. I Have Never Worked To Earn My Living Since My Late
Parents Had Enough Wealth For Us.

I Am Contacting You Now Because Of The Present Difficulty I Am Facing.
Unfortunately My Father's Two Accounts In West Africa Have Recently Been Frozen.
However This Did Not Affect The Twenty Million And Six Hundred Thousand Dollars
(Us$ 20,600,000), Which He Kept In  a security company in   senegal dakar.

For Now, I Am Having Every Information And Document Needed For The Clearance Of
The Money In The security company  Here In senegal dakar And I Want You To Act As The
Beneficiary Of The Fund For Easy And Smooth Transfer To Your Account Abroad For
Investment Purposes.

You Will No Doubt Be Adequately Compensated With As Well As A Percentage Of The
Profit From Investment Of The Fund. Also You Will See To It That My Sister And I
Come Over To Your Country At The Earliest Possible Time. I Am Making This
Request To You With Tears In My Eyes And I Feel That God Almighty Will Touch You
With His Spirit To Listen To My Cry For Help And Answer Me Without Delay.

Since Our Breadwinner Is No More And This Is The Only Hope For Life.
You Positive Response Will Give Me The Greatest Joy And Relief. God Bless You
For Your Kind Assistance We Have Agreed To Offer You
20% Of The Total Sum. Seriously Waiting For Your Urgent Reply.
Best regard.You Full Address Contact and other things.

NAME.............................................
MAILING ADDRESS.................................
AGE:..............................................
STATUS:............................................
STATE/COUNTRY.....................................
BANK/ACCONUT NUMBER..............................
TELE/FAX NUMBERS................................


Mr.William.B.Ikueze

CONTACT I AND MY SISTER WITH THIS ADDRESS.
E-MAIL ADDERSS  :Bright_william20010@yahoo.com




</p>

</body></html>