<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="VERY IMPORTANT RESPOND BACK" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="874-76-2533360" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-27T17:07:34Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed; charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="874-76-2533361" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jenifdavix@timemail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jenifdavix@timemail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY IMPORTANT RESPOND BACK" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1DbiJ4-0003dR-M1@mk-webmail-1.b2b.uk.tiscali.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed; charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-27T17:07:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed; charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-27T17:07:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 27 13:07:53 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1DbiJ4-0003dR-M1@mk-webmail-1.b2b.uk.tiscali.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1664" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1DbiJ4-0003dR-M1@mk-webmail-1.b2b.uk.tiscali.com&gt;" />
<title>VERY IMPORTANT RESPOND BACK</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Sir/Madam, 

My name is Mr. Jenif Davix, I work as the operational manager in account 
management section in charge of credit and foreign bills of one of the prime 
banks here in South Africa. On a routine inspection I discovered a dormant 
domiciliary account with a Balance Of US$48,223,000. 00 (Forty eight million 
two hundred and twenty three thousand U.S dollar).On further discreet 
investigation, I also discovered that the account holder has died long ago 
with his family on a fatal Auto-accident leaving no beneficiary to the 
account and no other person knows about this account. 

I am in close contact with the manager of the bank here who is my partner 
and he is willing to approve the transfer to any reliable and trustworthy 
foreigner with foreign bank account because the former operator of the a/c 
is a foreigner and from Australia in particular.  I am certainly sure that 
he has no writen or oral WILL attached to the account , no beneficiary and 
nobody will come again for the claim of this money. 

It is only a foreigner who can claim this money with legal claims to the 
account holder which I will provide to you if you are interested, therefore 
I need your cooperation in this transaction. The difference in country of 
origins is not a hindrance to the success of this transaction. This money 
will remain useless in this dormant account if I did not transfer the fund 
out to a foreign account. 

I will provide the necessary information and documents needed in order to 
claim this money. I only need your cooperation as a foreigner to provide 
your safe bank account information for the transfer. All arrangement that 
will ensure a smooth transfer of the fund to the account which you are to 
nominate is already in place.You should also provide me with your direct 
phone lines for easy communication. I wish for utmost confidentiality in 
handling this transaction. 

At the conclussion of this transaction, your share will be 25% of the total 
transfer sum, 70% for me and my partner while 5% will be set aside for any 
expenses both parties might incure during the process of the transfer. The 
fund will be transferred to your account in two parts. I will first transfer 
USD 20 Million to your account. I will fly over to meet you after the 
successful transfer for sharing according to the agreed percentages. I will  
have the remaining balance  of USD28,223 Million transferred to your account 
only after the successful sharing of the first transfer without any 
disappointment from your side. 

Have a nice day as I entrust this transfer into your hands. 

Finaly reply to this e-Mail address bellow if you are willing to do this 
business with me. &lt;jenifdavix@timemail.com&gt; 

Best Regards,
Mr. Jenif Davix.
FAX:874-76-2533361
TEL:874-76-2533360


</p>

</body></html>