<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-RBL-Warning" content="warn.bl.perfora.net says: " />
<meta name="subject" content="ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR.martin arap moi&quot; &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.martin arap moi &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="moi123@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-29T08:55:06Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="martin_arap.moi123@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="martin_arap.moi123@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DcJbY2pK4-0000ky@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-rbl-warning" content="warn.bl.perfora.net says: " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DcJbY2pK4-0000ky@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR.martin arap moi&quot; &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.martin arap moi &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR.martin arap moi&quot; &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.martin arap moi &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-29T08:55:06Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-29T08:55:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun May 29 04:57:14 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; never existed=2C" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR.martin arap moi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR.martin arap moi&quot; &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.martin arap moi &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1668" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR.martin arap moi &lt;moi123@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKv22-1DcJbY2pK4-0000ky@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>ASSIST ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>for your kind attention sir,

I am martin Arap Moi, the son of The former president of Kenya
Mr Daniel Arap Moi. I came to know you in the course of my
search for a reliable And GOD fearing partner, and I decided to contact
you,
Because I believe you are a reputable person and I feel You can help
me and my mother over this confidential matter.

I count on your integrity and honesty to be able to handle this
Business. My father, Mr Arap Moi, was the former president of Kenya ,
In East Africa, During his reign as the president , he had so many
Monetary dealing with a lot of European companies in my country
And out side my country, and he uses these companies as a means
Of transferring funds to foreign accounts in Europe ,America and
Asia., all these funds where gotten from the sales of Gold and Diamonds,
Amongst the companies he registered was GOLDENBERG COMPANIES,
Which he uses as front for funds deposit, he made a transfer of
$56,000,000. million American Dollars. to this company which
 never existed,
the said company has since been declared bankruptcy and liquidate, and
the said funds
has been deposited with a security company  where it is kept from for
safekeeping.

For more information you can click on this website:
(1) http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3338023.stm or ,
(2) http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3025878.stm%
And as the only child of my mother who is the 6th wife to my father
he has given to us as our own share, which is this funds
that is with the security company..

The money is kept in one trunk box and was registered as precious
substances, thus there is nobody that knows that it is money that is in
the box.
I am looking for somebody that is capable and willing
to travel to the security company to receive the  trunk box of money
on behalf of my mother and I from the security company.We need a trust
worthy and experience person that will help us to invest the funds in
profitabe business since we have no knowledge of business and
investment.

as soon as you in control of the $566m, you will assist us come to your
country and assist us well to buy a house where we will live.

We are expecting to hear from you, please contact me on my
Confidential email address: victor_arap_moi@indiatimes.com
Thanks for your anticipated co-operation , please include your
Telephone/fax number on your reply.

Best Regards

martin Arap Moi






</p>

</body></html>