<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ATTN: GOOD DAY!!!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="alhajimohammed@ibatam.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-05-30T17:44:31Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ATTN: GOOD DAY!!!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20050530174431.D17641AF836@llwb190.servidoresdns.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-05-30T17:44:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-05-30T17:44:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;apache@llwb190.servidoresdns.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 30 18:07:01 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;apache@llwb190.servidoresdns.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20050530174431.D17641AF836@llwb190.servidoresdns.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1672" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Alhaji Mohammed Abacha &lt;alhajimohammed@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20050530174431.D17641AF836@llwb190.servidoresdns.net&gt;" />
<title>ATTN: GOOD DAY!!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>
URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP



I am Alhaji Mohammed Abacha, the son of the late

Nigerian Head of State who died on the 8th of June

1998 while in active services.

Following the sudden death of my father, General Sani

Abacha, the present Civilian Government has thrown my

family and I into a state of utter confusion,

frustration,and hopelessness. I have been subjected to

inhuman physical and physiological torture,

incarceration by the security Agents in my country. I

was only recently released from detention after been

arraigned before the Federal High Court of Nigeria for

an offence committed by my late father.



The incumbent civilian administration of Chief

Olusegun Obasanjo has intensified his probe into my

late father's activities while in the office and he

has frozen all our local and foreign accounts together

with other assets of my family as a retaliation for

what my late father did to him when he was alive as

the Head of the Military regime in Nigeria. As a

matter of fact, we have been declared bankrupt and

they are not relenting to make us poor for life.



As a man that is so traumatized, I have lost

confidence with anybody within my country as all those

who benefited immensely during the regime of my late

father have openly abandoned all my family.



MY REASONS FOR CONTACTING YOU.



I got your contacts through my personal research and

out of desperation decided to reach you through this

medium.



You must have heard over the media reports and the

Internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money

deposited by my late father in different Banks and

security firms abroad. Some of these banks and

security firms willingly gave-up/divulge their banking

secrets and disclosed to the present civilian

administration of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, all my

family's cash lodgement and monetary transactions with

them.



Please my dear, I repose great confidence in you and I

hope you will not betray my confidence in you.



I have secretly deposited the sum of $20,000,000.00

with a security firm abroad whose name is withheld for

now until we open communications. The money is

contained in a metal box consignment with Security

Deposit Number.



I shall be grateful if you could receive this fund

into your Bank account for safekeeping. This

arrangement is known to you and my junior brother

(Abbas) only. So I will deal directly with you. I am

proposing a 20% share of the fund to you for your kind

assistance. I shall provide for you all the documents

of the fund deposit with the security firm, and raise

a power of attorney `to enable you claim and receive

this fund into your bank account.



Also this transaction demands absolute

confidentiality. On no condition must you disclose it

to anybody irrespective of your relation with the

person. Remember, Loose lips sinks ship



I am looking forward to your urgent and positive

response via my email above.



Best regards



Alhaji Mohammed Abacha.





___________________________________________________________________________
Mail automatico enviado desde www.espana2000.org/castellon


</p>

</body></html>