<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-senderip" content="81.199.125.27 ici =E0 votre" />
<meta name="subject" content="urgent response" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sensitivity" content="3 so that i can forward the documents to you" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;prisca_savana1&quot; &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt; a =E9t=E9 empoisonn=E9 par ses coll=E8gues" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="prisca_savana1 &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO tu p=E1gina en Internet!=0Ahttp://sitebuilder.terra.com.mx=0AEncuentra l=" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-06-07T12:30:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 don't want to struggle anything with them in terms of properties but my =" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ; n'est pas en s=E9curit=E9 ici car mes oncles" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-type" content="0 as des tr=E9sors d'une famille, qui" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-exp" content="Mlle SAVANA PRISCA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent response" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SenderIP" content="81.199.125.27" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable moi de me pr=E9senter =E0 vous. Je suis Mlle" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;IHPS34$92B42777A7B379C262C480DF2DF7BA2B@terra.com.mx&gt; retrievements of this fund" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;prisca_savana1&quot; &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt; a =E9t=E9 empoisonn=E9 par ses coll=E8gues" />
<meta name="creator" content="prisca_savana1 &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;prisca_savana1&quot; &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt; a =E9t=E9 empoisonn=E9 par ses coll=E8gues" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="prisca_savana1 &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-06-07T12:30:40Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-es!=0ahttp" content="//www.terra.com.mx/bandaancha=0A=A1Nunca fue tan f=E1cil tener=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 ivory coast(cote" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 don't want to struggle anything with them in terms of properties but my =" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-06-07T12:30:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-XaM3-API-Version" content="4.1 (B8)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun  7 08:30:50 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt; only daughter of late Mr." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;IHPS34$92B42777A7B379C262C480DF2DF7BA2B@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-type" content="0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 me?" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="prisca_savana1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;prisca_savana1&quot; &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt; a =E9t=E9 empoisonn=E9 par ses coll=E8gues" />
<meta name="Author" content="prisca_savana1 &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-xam3-api-version" content="4.1 (B8) et de finances entretient la maison ici en C=F4te" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1683" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="prisca_savana1 &lt;prisca_savana1@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;IHPS34$92B42777A7B379C262C480DF2DF7BA2B@terra.com.mx&gt; retrievements of this fund" />
<title>urgent response</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MISS SAVANA PRISCA
ABIDJAN.IVORY COAST.
COTE D'IVOIRE.

APPEAL FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE.

Dear Sir,

Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into
business relationship with you.Though this letter will

be a surprise  to you since you dont know me
personally I got your contacts recent .during my
search for a stranger that can cooperate help me in
this mutual transaction. and I prayed over it and
selected your name among the other names due to its
esteeming nature and the recommations given to me as a
reputable and trust worthy person that I can do
business with and by the recommendation, I must not
hesitate to confide in you for this simple and sincere
Business.


I am MISS SAVANA PRISCA, the only daughter of late Mr.
And MrsSAVANA My father was a very wealth cocoa
merchant in Abidjan, the economic capital of Ivory
Coast, my father died during the political war crisis
that going on in my country here in ivory coast(cote
d'ivoire)My mother died when I was a baby when she was
about to delivers a new baby and since then my father
took me so special.

Before the death of my father on november 2002 in a private hospital herein Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has the sum of Eight Million,Five Hundred Thousand
United State Dollars. USD($8.500,000) left in one of
the private security/finances trust services house
here in Abidjan Ivory Coast ,as a family treasures
that he used my names her only daughter for the next
of kin in depositing of the fund. He also explained to
me that he might not survive the situation he was at
that present.

However That I should seek for a foreign partner in a
country of my choice where I will transfer this money
and use it for investment purpose such as real estate
management or hotel management.

Sir,I am in a sincere desire of your humble assistance
in this regards again.Your suggestions and ideas will
be highly regarded.



Now permit me to ask these few questions:-
(1)Can you help me for the retrievements of this fund
on my behalf in the security custody here to your end?

(2)Can you stand as a guardian of this since fund
since I am only 22 years old?

(3)Can you make an arrangement for me to come over to
your country to further my Education and to secure a
resident permit in your country?

(4) Can you honestly take me as your own and help me?

(5) Can I completely trust you?

(6) What percentage of the total amount in question

will be go for you after the money is in your

account?

Please,Consider this and get back to me as soon as
possible so that i can forward the documents to you
after we have agreed on the conditions for your
assistance.

My life is not safe here and i need to be
out of here as soon as possible because now that my
father is dead and with me only as a female child,
firstly the political war crisis are still going on
here in my country and secondly my uncles are seeking

to kill me so that they can have all my fathers
properties.

I really don't want to struggle anything with them in terms of properties but my presence will still be disturbing them. thank God they are not aware of this fund in the company here hence, I want to
leave here as soon as you help me to have the consignment cleared from the security company here and lodge it into a safe account in your stable country and then send me some amount to enable me prepare to
meet you. without your help, i will find it difficult
to travel and clear it myself alone with my little or

no experience.


I am waiting for your urgent reply with your contact

phone number so that i can give you the contact of the
security for you to contact them as if you are my
guardians. and in due course I will provides you the
secret code for opening the consignment when you are
ready to come on my behalf.

Thank you so much.

Best Regards,

MISS SAVANA PRISCA





EXP:Mlle SAVANA PRISCA
ABIDJAN,COTE D' IVOIRE.


URGENCE POUR ASSISTANCE

CHER, MR OU MADAME.


Permettez-moi de vous informez de mon désir de
traiter avec vous. En effet j'ai obtenu votre contact
et j'ai prié beaucoup pour que vous soyez l'homme
évident parmi les noms que j'ai sélectionnés par apport
à sa nature estimable, comme étant un homme de parole
et de confiance auquel je peux traiter avec
conformément à votre grandeur je saurais hésiter à
me confier à vous pour se simple et sincère business.

Permettrez moi de me présenter à vous. Je suis Mlle
SAVANA PRISCA la seul fille du regretté Mr ou Mme
SAVANA Mon père était l'un des riches homme marchand
de cacao en Cote d'Ivoire, dans la capitale
économique, il a été empoisonné par ses collègues
pendant qu'ils était en bateau pour l'importation du
cacao. Quant à ma mère elle est morte quant j’étais
encore bébé pour ses raisons mon père ma traité

convenablement, avant sa mort dans un clinique privé a
Abidjan en novembre 2002 il m'a secrètement appelé
sur son lit d’hôpital pour me dire qu'il possède la
somme de huit million cinq cent mille de dollars

($8.500,000) la gauche dans une compagnie privée
de sécurité et de finances entretient la maison ici en Côte
d'Ivoire d’Abidjan, as des trésors d'une famille, qui
porte mon nom donc, je suis la personne qui peut
accéder à cet argent il m'a expliqué que c'est à cause
de son argent qu'il à été empoisonné. Dans se ca il m'a
dit de chercher un partenaire étranger de mon choix ou
je pourrais transférer l'argent et de l'exploiter dans
des différents secteurs comme dans le domaine de
l'immobilier ou dans l’hôtellerie.

Cher Mr ou Mme je cherche honorablement votre
assistance. Suivez l'instruction ci- dessous.

je vous demande humblement votre aide ainsi que des
suggestions et des idées venant de vous seront
grandement appréciées.
Maintenant, je voudrais vous poser quelques questions:
1)Pouvez vous m'aider pour les retrait de ces
fonds en mon nom dans la garde de sécurité ici à votre
extrémité.?
2)pourriez-vous m'aider à venir dans votre pays pour
finir mes études en m'assurant le gîte et le couvert?
3)pourriez-vous garder cet argent parce que je n'ai
que 22 ans?
4)est-ce que,je puis complètement vous faire
confiance?
5)pouvez-vous honnêtement me prendre en tant que vos
propres et m'aider?
6)quel pourcentage exigerez-vous une fois l'argent
dans votre compte?
Je vous prie de bien vouloir me donner une réponse
rapide pour que je puisse vous expédier les documents
nécessaires pour cette transaction.


Ma vie n'est pas en sécurité ici car mes oncles
veulent attenter à ma vie pour prendre les autres
biens de mon père car heureusement ils ne sont pas au
courant de cet argent.


J'attends donc votre numéro de téléphone ainsi que le
fax.

merci,

Mlle SAVANA PRISCA

___________________________________________________________________________
¡Terra Banda Ancha, tu conexión permanente a Internet desde $348 al mes!
http://www.terra.com.mx/bandaancha
¡Nunca fue tan fácil tener tu página en Internet!
http://sitebuilder.terra.com.mx
Encuentra los mejores productos y precios increibles!!
http://decompras.com.mx



</p>

</body></html>