<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="very important" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;STELLA DIKKO SAMBA&quot; &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="STELLA DIKKO SAMBA &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="stelladik@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-06-08T09:58:05Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="stelladik@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="stelladik@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="very important" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKv6A-1DfxGf0NYL-0004Km@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKv6A-1DfxGf0NYL-0004Km@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;STELLA DIKKO SAMBA&quot; &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="STELLA DIKKO SAMBA &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;STELLA DIKKO SAMBA&quot; &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="STELLA DIKKO SAMBA &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-06-08T09:58:05Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-06-08T09:58:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun  8 05:54:43 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="STELLA DIKKO SAMBA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;STELLA DIKKO SAMBA&quot; &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="STELLA DIKKO SAMBA &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1687" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="STELLA DIKKO SAMBA &lt;stelladik@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKv6A-1DfxGf0NYL-0004Km@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>very important</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From : Stella Dikko Samba
Abidjan, Ivory Coast
West Africa.
TEL +225 07 81 95 57


APPEAL FOR URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE.

ATT: DIRECTOR
MY Dear ,

Permit me to inform you of my desire of
going into business relationship with you. I got your
name and contact from the Ivoirian chamber of commerce
and industry. I prayed over it and selected your name
among other names due to its esteeming nature and the
recommendations given to me as a reputable and trust
worthy person that I can do business with and by the
recommendation , I must not hesitate to confide in you
for this simple and sincere business .

I am Stella Dikoo Samba the only daughter of late Mr.
and Mrs. Dikko samba. My father was a very wealthy
cocoa merchant in Abidjan , the economic capital of
Ivory coast, my father was poisoned to dearth by his
business associates on one of their outings on a
business trip .

My mother died when I was a baby and since
then my father took me so special. Before the death of
my father on January 2002 in a private hospital here
in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and
told me that he has the sum of seventeen million ,five
hundred thousand United State Dollars. USD ($
17.500,000) left in fixed / suspense account in one of
the prime bank here in Abidjan ,that he used my name
as his only daughter for the next of Kin in depositing of the fund. He also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates. That I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management .

Sir, I am honourably seeking your assistance
in the following ways:
(1) To provide a bank account into which this money
would be transferred to .
(2) To serve as a guardian of this fund since I am
only 22years.
(3) To make arrangement for me to come over to your
country to further my education and to secure a
resident permit in your country.

Moreover, sir i am willing to offer you 15%
of the total sum as compensation for your effort/
input after the successful transfer of this fund into
your nominated account overseas.

Furthermore, you indicate your options
towards assisting me as I believe that this
transaction would be concluded within fourteen (14)
days you signify interest to assist me. Anticipating
to hear from you soon.
Reply ma in my private mail box:jim_naya@yahoo.fr

Thanks and God bless.

Best regard
STELLA DIKKO SAMBA






</p>

</body></html>