<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="RE: REPATRIATION OF $30.5M" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="RE: REPATRIATION OF $30.5M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	(envelope-from smth101@tiscali.dk)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="REPATRIATION OF $30.5M" />
<meta name="creator" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="creator" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 forward the following information to : smtt100@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;smth101@tiscali.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="MD/CEO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jun 12 17:02:19 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;smth101@tiscali.dk&gt; (envelope-from smth101@tiscali.dk)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="Author" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1692" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="smth101@tiscali.dk" />
<title>RE: REPATRIATION OF $30.5M</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn: MD/CEO

RE: REPATRIATION OF $30.5M

Following  the approvals received by this office recommending for the immediate
repatriation of the above referenced fund and having been  listed in category
"A" foreign creditors, you are by this notice informed that your assistance
is required in receiving the approved fund floating in an offshore
Payments Account in London.This is as result of grossly over invoiced contracts
which were executed by a (Deceased) national of your country on the Oil
Refineries in Saudi Arabia.

This contract was deliberately over invoiced to the tune of US$30.5m Million
Dollars.This was a deal by my committee to benefit from the project. I have
therefore been mandated as a matter of trust to look for a foreign partner
into whose account we could transfer the sum of  USD30,500,000.00 (Thirt

Million, Five Hundred Thousand Us Dollars Only). We have agreed to share
the funds thus: 80% for us and  20% for account owner (you).If you are interested,please
 forward the following information to : smtt100@yahoo.co.uk


(1) Your Name/company's name and full address.
(2) Your banker's name, Swift code,address, telephone and fax numbers.
(3) Your contact Tel/Fax No.
(4) Your Occupation
(5) Valid ID

Upon the receipt of the above details,Payment will be activated by the feeding
of your data into the payment system, followed by a signal that will be
sent to the paying bank to remit funds into your nominated bank acount
within 7 official working days of receipt of the  above information.


Your swift response will be highly appreciated.
Sincerely Yours.

Mr. Edward Smith
Protocol Officer
Mr. Edward Smith
Protocol Officer
Elstree Way
Borehamwood
Hertfordshire
WD6 1GA,London,
United Kingdom




</p>

</body></html>