<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.166" />
<meta name="subject" content="SADDAM PALACE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Michael Hammer&quot; &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Michael Hammer &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-06-13T13:04:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="michaelhammer@gua.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="michaelhammer@gua.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="michaelhammer@gua.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="michaelhammer@gua.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.166" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="michael_hammer88@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="3.416 (***) DEAR_SOMETHING MILLION_USD SUBJ_ALL_CAPS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;2241.192.116.81.79.1118667864.squirrel@webmail.gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SADDAM PALACE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="michael_hammer88@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Clear:RC:1(205.161.188.8):.  Processed in 0.035504 secs); 13 Jun 2005 13:04:24 -0000        (SquirrelMail authenticated user michaelhammer@gua.net)        by webmail.gua.net with HTTP;        Mon, 13 Jun 2005 07:04:24 -0600 (CST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;2241.192.116.81.79.1118667864.squirrel@webmail.gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Michael Hammer&quot; &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Michael Hammer &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Michael Hammer&quot; &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Michael Hammer &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-06-13T13:04:24Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Processed in 0.035504 secs); 13 Jun 2005 13:04:24 -0000 by webmail.gua.net with HTTP; Dear Sir," />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-06-13T13:04:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="3.416 (***) DEAR_SOMETHING MILLION_USD SUBJ_ALL_CAPS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 13 09:04:27 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt; Clear:RC:1(205.161.188.8):. (SquirrelMail authenticated user michaelhammer@gua.net) Mon, 13 Jun 2005 07:04:24 -0600 (CST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Michael Hammer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Michael Hammer&quot; &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Michael Hammer &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1693" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Michael Hammer &lt;michaelhammer@gua.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;2241.192.116.81.79.1118667864.squirrel@webmail.gua.net&gt;" />
<title>SADDAM PALACE</title>
</head>
<body><p>SADDAM PALACE

 Dear Sir,

I got your contact from the World Trade Organisation directory of the
US,Canada&amp; European Union and I am very sorry to interrupt your peace
since you are not expecting to receive any mail from me.

However, I was obliged to do so due to the importance and urgency of the
message. I crave yourindulgence,and want to reassure you that I mean Well
and that it is only for our mutual good.So please do not be embarrassed.

My name is Dr.Michael Hammer ; I am a social worker with an
international-Governmental/Voluntary organization based in Switzerland.I
am the Accounts/ Project Director in-charge of the Middle East regional
representation.

Our organization,through local NGO'S and other Agencies and in partnership
with theUnited Nations High Commission for Refugees, UNHCR, UNESCO, etc
works and sponsors development projects and social services in some third
world/developing countries,assistance and re-settlement of victims of
natural disaster, civil wars and Refugees,displaced/oppressed children and
minority people around the world.

I am just back from Iraq where in the cause of performing our duties we
found a huge amount of cash in an abandoned Palace, I reached an agreement
with the members of my team whom are UN
officials and we agreed to keep this money to ourselves and then moved the
box out of Iraq to Europe (with their immunity as UN officials they are
not searched at borders or airports).

Now, I am in need of a reliable and trustworthy person or company overseas
whom I can confidently work with since my work does not permit me to own a
foreign bank account or any personal business until retirement, I have the
honor to confide this information in you
and to request for your pleasure to assist to receive and secure the money
in your account,pending our retirement from service.

Please understand that my approach to you is based only on my positive
reasoning and on the belief that you will not disappoint or betray me at
last. The amount is fairly huge and we have agreed that on completion of
the deal, you will retain some reasonable percentage of
the money(20%) as a compensation for your assistance.the amount of the
money is TWENTY MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS To consider our official
positions,reputation and integrity, especially,the opportunities in the
business itself, it is very necessary that all due care be taken so that
we do not miss the opportunity due to carelessness.

You are therefore expected and advised to display high degree of
maturity,responsibility and understanding in handling this information.I
will give you all the details in my next mail when you have indicated your
interest and commitment to work with me.

Alwaysremember that this is the highest confidence and trust any person
can repose on the other, especially when it is considered that we did not
know ourselves before.I hope you will honor me too.

We can come over to join you for sharing and to guarantee that we have
unlimited access to you before and when the funds hit your account.Moreso
for an effective and easy communiation I
will advice that you furnish me with your telephone, cell and I eagerly
await yourpositive
response.

Best regards,
Michael Hammer, Dr.
Please reply only to this email address michael_hammer88@yahoo.it




</p>

</body></html>