<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Help Crying From Mr Mariam Mohamed &amp; Brother" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Ms Mariam Mohamed&quot; &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Ms Mariam Mohamed &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mariammohamed@walla.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-07-01T19:31:31Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mariammohamed@box.az" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mariammohamed@box.az" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Help Crying From Mr Mariam Mohamed &amp; Brother" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200507011931.j61JVWst017770@snitch.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Ms Mariam Mohamed&quot; &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Ms Mariam Mohamed &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Ms Mariam Mohamed&quot; &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Ms Mariam Mohamed &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-07-01T19:31:31Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-07-01T19:31:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jul  1 15:31:38 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200507011931.j61JVWst017770@snitch.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Ms Mariam Mohamed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Ms Mariam Mohamed&quot; &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Ms Mariam Mohamed &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1729" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Ms Mariam Mohamed &lt;mariammohamed@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200507011931.j61JVWst017770@snitch.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Help Crying From Mr Mariam Mohamed &amp; Brother</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear,
I Hope This Mail Meets You In Good Health And Spirit, I Am, Mariam Mohamed, A
Sierra Leonia. Presently, I Live As A Refugee In republic of senegal dakar ,
With My Younger Brother Sani I Am A Victim Of War And The Douigther Of Late
Chief Dr.Usman .Mohamed The Assassinated Former Assistant Director Of
Sierra Leone Gold And Diamond MiningCorporation.
My Father Was Killed With Other Government Officials During Official Hours When
The Rebel Troops Stormed And Raided The Mining Corporation Office At The Heat Of
The Crisis In My Country. A Few Weeks Later, The Rebels Also Invaded Our
Residential Building In Which My Mother And Two Of Our Security Men Were Killed
In The Compound While I Was Out For A Special Research Program And My Younger
Borther Was In School.
I Had A Singular Shock And Trauma, Which Compelled Us To Flee From The Country
To republic of senegal dakar By The Help Of An Army Colonel, Who Is A Close
Friend Of My Late Father,
I Have First Degree In Marketing And Would Have Further My Education If Not For
The Death Of My Parents. I Have Never Worked To Earn My Living Since My Late
Parents Had Enough Wealth For Us.
I Am Contacting You Now Because Of The Present Difficulty I Am Facing.
Unfortunately My Father's Two Accounts In West Africa Have Recently Been Frozen.
However This Did Not Affect The Twenty Million And Six Hundred Thousand Dollars
(Us$ 20,600,000), Which He Kept In a security company in senegal dakar.
For Now, I Am Having Every Information And Document Needed For The Clearance Of
The Money In The security company Here In senegal dakar And I Want You To Act As
The Beneficiary Of The Fund For Easy And Smooth Transfer To Your Account Abroad For
Investment Purposes.
You Will No Doubt Be Adequately Compensated With As Well As A Percentage Of The
Profit From Investment Of The Fund. Also You Will See To It That My Sister And I
Come Over To Your Country At The Earliest Possible Time. I Am Making This
Request To You With Tears In My Eyes And I Feel That God Almighty Will Touch You
With His Spirit To Listen To My Cry For Help And Answer Me Without Delay.
Since Our Breadwinner Is No More And This Is The Only Hope For Life.
You Positive Response Will Give Me The Greatest Joy And Relief.
God Bless You For Your Kind Assistance We Have Agreed To Offer You
20% Of The Total Sum. Seriously Waiting For Your Urgent Reply.
Best regard.
Ms.Mariam Mohamed.
CONTACT I AND MY BROTHER WITH THIS ADDRESS.
E-MAIL ADDERSS :mariam_mohamed@box.az
MY PHONE NUMBER:+2216648245




</p>

</body></html>