<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="markellis8@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.167" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE CAN YOU ASSIST?" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mark ellis&quot; &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mark ellis &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="markellis8@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-07-12T19:18:28Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n.b" content="Reply me using my private mail address: mark_7ell6@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.167" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mark_7ell6@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="4.245 (****) MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER NIGERIAN_BODY1 SUBJ_ALL_CAPS UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mark_7ell6@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE CAN YOU ASSIST?" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="12 Jul 2005 19:18:28.0759 (UTC) FILETIME=[7BE56A70:01C58716]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="YOUR ASSISTANCE IS NEEDED IN ACTUALIZING THIS GOAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[markellis8@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mark ellis&quot; &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mark ellis &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mark ellis&quot; &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mark ellis &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-07-12T19:18:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-07-12T19:18:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="4.245 (****) MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER NIGERIAN_BODY1 SUBJ_ALL_CAPS UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="12 Jul 2005 19:18:28.0759 (UTC) FILETIME=[7BE56A70:01C58716]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="markellis8@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jul 12 15:24:46 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[markellis8@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mark ellis" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mark ellis&quot; &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mark ellis &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1743" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mark ellis &lt;markellis8@msn.com&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE CAN YOU ASSIST?</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF
MR. MARK ELLIS
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
CCTB BANK, LONDON-ENGLAND.
PRIVATE EMAIL: mark_7ell6@yahoo.co.uk

ATTENTION,

RE: YOUR ASSISTANCE IS NEEDED IN ACTUALIZING THIS GOAL

Let me start by introducing myself. I am MR. MARK ELLIS, CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER of the CITY CENTER TRUST BANK.I have an obscured business suggestion 
for you.

I honestly apologize and hope I did not cause you much embarrassment by 
contacting you through this means for a transaction of this magnitude, but 
this is due to confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this medium, 
sorry my English is not very good. Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client 
MAJOR FADI EL AMIN who was with the Iraqi forces and also business man made 
a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months, with a value of Ten 
millions United State Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity several 
Notices was sent to him, even during the war early this year.

Again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came 
from him. We later find out that the Major and his family had been killed 
during the war in bomb blast that hit their home.

After further investigation it was also discovered that MAJOR FADI EL AMIN 
did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper 
work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at 
my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So, Ten 
millions United State Dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever 
come forward to claim it. What bothers me most is that according to the laws 
of my country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the 
ownership of the England Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. 
Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a 
foreigner to stand as the next of kin to MAJOR FADI EL AMIN so that you will 
be able to receive his funds.

Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this 
issue. Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account 
we shall share in the ratio of 70% for me, 30% for you. Should you be 
interested please let me know and finally after that I shall provide you 
with more details of this operation.

Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.

N.B: Reply me using my private mail address: mark_7ell6@yahoo.co.uk

Kind Regards

Mr. Mark Ellis
Chief Financial Officer
CCTB BANK, LONDON-ENGLAND




</p>

</body></html>