<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE CALL ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR STEPHEN AKIGA&quot; &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR STEPHEN AKIGA &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ohunola@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-04-05T23:00:55Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="akiga1@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="akiga1@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE CALL ME" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200304051401.h35E1f216865@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR STEPHEN AKIGA&quot; &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR STEPHEN AKIGA &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR STEPHEN AKIGA&quot; &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR STEPHEN AKIGA &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-04-05T23:00:55Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-04-05T23:00:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Apr  5 09:01:52 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200304051401.h35E1f216865@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR STEPHEN AKIGA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR STEPHEN AKIGA&quot; &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR STEPHEN AKIGA &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-175" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR STEPHEN AKIGA &lt;ohunola@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200304051401.h35E1f216865@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE CALL ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>

DEAR SIR,

HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY? I HOPE ALL IS WELL.

YOU WILL BE SURPRISE TO RECEIVE THIS LETTER BUT WHEN
YOU GO THROUGH IT YOU MIGHT NOT BE SURPRISE AGAIN IF
THE INFORMATION HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH YOU.

I AM THE CONFIDENTIAL SECRETARY FOR THE INVESTMENT
CONTROLLER OF A SOUTH AFRICAN BASED INVESTMENT
CORPORATION.MY BOSS/PARTNER INSTRUCTED ME TO CONTACT
YOU IN RESPECT OF A CLAIM/DIVIDEND,WHICH MATURED SINCE
2000.THE INVESTOR AFTER COLLECTING THE SAID RETURN
OFINVESTMENT FROM OUR
FIRM AND DEPOSITED THE CASH WITH A SECURITY COMPANY
DIED AFTER ONE WEEK IN A MOTOR ACCIDENT,IN NOVEMBER
2000 AND FROM THE CONTENT OF HIS FILE WITH US,WE
NOTICED THAT THERE WAS NO NEXT OF KIN IN HIS DETAILS
AS HE PROMISED TO FORWARD THE INFORMATION LATER TO
US.BUT THIS HE DID NOT PROVIDE UNTIL HE DIED.
WITH FURTHER INVESTIGATION TO TRACE THE ROOT OF THE
INVESTOR,THIS MADE THINGS MUCH COMPLEX AS THE
INFORMATION WE GOT CONFIRMED THAT HIS WIFE AND ONLY
SON DIED IN RUSSIA IN AN AIRCRASH IN THE YEAR 1998.

HOWEVER,MY BOSS HAS TAKING IT UPON HIMSELF TO TRACE
THE NEXT OF KIN IF POSSIBLE TO CLAIM THE
US$255,600,000.00 (TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY FIVE MILLION
SIX THOUSAND UNITED STATE DOLLARS ONLY) WHICH IS THE
TOTAL SUM PAYABLE TO THE NEXT OF KIN AS ALL THE LOCAL
TAXES HAS ALREADY BEEN DEDUCTED AND THE CASH ALREADY
WITHDRAWN FROM THE SOUTH AFRICAN RESERVE BANK AND
BOXED.
THE INVESTOR HAS DEPOSITED THIS AMOUNT /CASH WITH A
SECURITY COMPANY WITHOUT THE COMPANY KNOWING THE
CONTENT OF THE BOX FOR SECURITY REASONS BEFORE HIS
DEATH. THE CONTAINS WAS DECLEARED TO BE COMPANY
TREASURE DOCUMENTS,FILES(PAPER)AND THE CORPORATION HAS
PAID THE SECURITY COMPANYUS$20,000,000.00 ON BEHALF OF
THE BENEFICIARY AS THE INITIAL DEPOSIT FOR THE SAFE
KEEPING OF THE BOX AS THEY HAVE CHARGED US$100.00 PER
DAY FOR THE SAFEKEEPING.

I AM CONTACTING YOU BECAUSE YOUR LAST NAME AND THAT OF
THE INVESTOR IS THE SAME,WHICH MY BOSS SUSPECTED
THAT YOU MIGHT BE THE INVESTOR'S RELATION. PLEASE
RECONFIRM TO US IMMEDIATELY IF YOU HAVE ANY BROTHER
WHO WAS 78YEARS OLD BEFORE HE DIED IN 1998.IF IT IS
TRUE,WE WILL ARRANGE FOR YOU TO MAKE THIS CLAIM AS
SOON AS POSSILBE.BUT IF NOT WE HAVE NO OTHER OPTION
THAN TO
PROCESS IT WITH YOUR NAME AND COLLECT THE MONEY TO
AVOID THE CASH BEING RETURNED TO THE SOUTH AFRICA
GOVERNMENT AS UNTRACABLE/UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND.AS WE
CANNOT AFFORD TO WAIT AND SEE SUCH AMOUNT OF MONEY
WASTE INTO THE GOVERNMENT POCKET .
FOR YOUR INFORMATION ,IF YOU ARE WILLING TO ASSIST IN
CLAMING
THIS FUNDS ,PLEASE CONTACT ME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
WITHIN THREE MONTHS FROM TODAY.BEFORE THE SOUTH
AFRICAN GOVERNMENT TEAMS TO KNOW ABOUT IT.

PLEASE DISREGARD MY PROPOSAL TO USE YOUR NAME TO CLAIM
IT IF THE INVESTOR IS REALLY YOUR BROTHER.BUT IF NOT
WE WILL SHARE THE MONEY ON 50% EACH AFTER THE CASH HAS
BEEN PAID TO YOU.

NOTE THAT THIS BUSINESS IS 100% LEGAL AND RISK FREE.

PLEASE TREAT THIS AS MOST URENT AND CONFIDENTIAL.

YOU CAN REACH ME ON MY SATELLITE PHONE NUMBERS /FAX
(voice)+873-762874250
(fax))+873-762874252
OR my PRIVATE EMAIL AT

BEST REGARDS,

DR AKIGA STEPHEN



</p>

</body></html>