<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Joint Business With You In Your Country" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-07-20T10:56:54Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Joint Business With You In Your Country" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200507201356.j6KDuVah017093@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-version" content="7.0.323 / Virus Database: 267.9.2/52 - Release Date: 19/07/2005" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-07-20T10:56:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-07-20T10:56:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johnsonk221@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 20 09:56:37 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johnsonk221@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200507201356.j6KDuVah017093@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1756" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200507201356.j6KDuVah017093@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Joint Business With You In Your Country</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attin/Dear .
I would like to apply through this medium for your co-operation and to secure an opportunity to invest and do joint business with you in your country.
I have a substantial capital i honourably intend to invest in your country into a very lucrative business venture of which you are to advise and execute the said venture over there for the mutual benefits of both of us.
Your able co-operation is to become my business partner in your country and create ideas on how money will be invested,properly managed and the type of investment after the money is transferred to your custody with your help and assistance.
Meanwhile,on indication of your willingness to handle this transaction sincerely by protecting our interests and upon your acceptance of this proposal,I would furnish you with the full detailed information, procedure,amount involve and mutually agree on your percentage interest or share holding for helping me to secure the release of the deposit and investing the money.
I shall be glad to reserve this respect and opportunity for you,if you so desire,but do urge you to give the matter your immediate attention it deserves.
If this proposal is acceptable by you,please do not make undue advantage of the trust i bestow on you,and your urgent call and reply is highly needed,for more detailed informations and oral talks.
Looking forward to your urgent call and positive response today and a mutual healthy businessrelationship with you.
Best regards,and have a great day.
Yours Faithfully,
Mr.Johnson Kaun.




--
No virus found in this outgoing message.
Checked by AVG Anti-Virus.
Version: 7.0.323 / Virus Database: 267.9.2/52 - Release Date: 19/07/2005



</p>

</body></html>