<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-07-27T14:23:11Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n.b" content="SIR,I WILL LIKE YOU TO GIVE ME YOUR DIRECT" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20050727142311.68D0CD0E3E@rekin6.o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="creator" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-07-27T14:23:11Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originator" content="192.116.77.80" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-07-27T14:23:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;usman_30@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="o2.pl WebMail v5.28" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 27 10:23:22 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;usman_30@o2.pl&gt; CALL FOR HELP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20050727142311.68D0CD0E3E@rekin6.o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Author" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="o2.pl WebMail v5.28" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originator" content="192.116.77.80" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1771" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="usman_30@o2.pl" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20050727142311.68D0CD0E3E@rekin6.o2.pl&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR HELP</title>
</head>
<body><p>WILLIAM USMAN
UNITED NATIONS REFUGEE CAMP
ABIDJAN(COTE D'IVOIRE)

                 CALL FOR HELP

DEAR CHILD OF GOD

PERMIT ME TO INFORM YOU ABOUT MY DESIRE TO GO INTO
BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU. I AM WILLIAM USMAN THE
ONLY CHILD OF MR AND MRS.MICHEAL USMAN, MY FATHER WAS
A VERY RICH COCOA MERCHANT, BASED IN ABIDJAN, THE
ECONOMIC CAPITAL OF IVORY COAST BEFORE HE WAS POISONED
TO DEATH BY HIS BUSINESS ASSOCIATES ON ONE OF THEIR
OUTINGS TO DISCUSS ON A BUSINESS DEAL. WHEN MY MOTHER
DIED ON MAY 24,1996, MY FATHER TOOK ME SO SPECIAL
SINCE I AM MOTHERLESS.

BEFORE THE DEATH OF MY FATHER ON NOVEMBER 26,2003 IN
A PRIVATE HOSPITAL WHERE HE WAS ADMITTED, HE CALLED ME
SECRETLY TO HIS BED SIDE AND TOLD ME THAT HE KEPT A
SUM OF US$10,500,000 (TEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED
THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS) IN A BANK IN ABIDJAN
COTE D'IVOIRE. THAT HE USED MY NAME WILLIAM USMAN AS
THE NEXT OF KIN IN DEPOSIT OF THE FUND HE ALSO
EXPLAINED TO ME THAT IT WAS BECAUSE OF THIS MONEY HE
WAS POISONED BY HIS BUSINESS PARTNER AND THAT I SHOULD
SEEK FOR A FOREIGN PARTNER IN A COUNTRY OF MY CHOICE
WHERE I WOULD TRANSFER THIS MONEY AND USE IT FOR AN
INVESTMENT PURPOSE, SUCH AS:REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT OR
STOCK MARKET INVESTMENT .

SIR, I AM HONOURABLY SOLICITING YOUR KIND ASSISTANCE
AS FOLLOWS.(1)TO PROVIDE A BANK ACCOUNT WHERE THIS
MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERRED TO.(2)TO SERVE AS THE
GUARDIAN OF THESE FUND,SINCE I AM A BOY OF 22 YEARS
OLD.
(3)TO MAKE ARRANGEMENT FOR ME IN YOUR COUNTRY TO
CONTINUE MY EDUCATIONAL CAREER AND TO PROCURE ME A
RESIDENTIAL PERMIT IN YOUR COUNTRY.I AM INCLINED TO
OFFER YOU 15% OF THE TOTAL SUM AS A MODE OF
COMPENSATION FOR YOUR EFFORTS AFTER THE TRANSFERING OF
THESE FUND TO YOUR ACCOUNT IN YOUR COUNTRY.PLEASE, I
WILL BE VERY HAPPY IF THIS TANSACTION WILL BE
CONCLUDED WITHIN SEVEN(7)WORKING DAYS FROM NOW.
I AM  EXPECTING TO HEAR FROM YOU AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
N.B:SIR,I WILL LIKE YOU TO GIVE ME YOUR DIRECT
TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER IN YOUR REPLY OF THIS
PROPOSAL.

MAY ALMIGHTY GOD BLESS YOU AS YOU DO CARE FOR
AN ORPHAN LIKE ME.ANTICIPATING TO HEAR FROM YOU.

PLEASE REPLY TO my Email Address

BEST REGARDS
WILLIAM USMAN








</p>

</body></html>