<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser---0-2032536493-1122475759=" content="91497 My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-2032536493-1122475759=" content="91497" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-2032536493-1122475759=" content="91497--" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dear Good Friend." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mjc@kia.co.krpoltroon I want a church,organization or good person that will use this fund" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mjc@kia.co.krpoltroon" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mjc@kia.co.krpoltroon I want a church,organization or good person that will use this fund" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-2032536493-1122475759=:91497" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20050727144919.92916.qmail@web26107.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dear Good Friend." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type;  b=sCvpT7FnCS9991qgqz0QvCZJgYillotqdDNqpwCicouiGkRn0FQphSmC3BZbVQd5tn+lDqWjaaCf0YEPs3T68DwHpSgRkW68cwzMUAYP777UQhdciJ4pQnkBRA9WayIQFdSeZJhP7d+/yMIEg/uKbOLZYYF64oYCZJXkRN5Sio0=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20050727144919.92916.qmail@web26107.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $18.5 Million" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=sCvpT7FnCS9991qgqz0QvCZJgYillotqdDNqpwCicouiGkRn0FQphSmC3BZbVQd5tn+lDqWjaaCf0YEPs3T68DwHpSgRkW68cwzMUAYP777UQhdciJ4pQnkBRA9WayIQFdSeZJhP7d+/yMIEg/uKbOLZYYF64oYCZJXkRN5Sio0=  ; Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his death" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tina_williams20012001@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 27 10:49:27 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tina_williams20012001@yahoo.it&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type; I am Mrs Tina Williams from Solomon Islands. I am married to Mr. Lobi &lt;hr size=1&gt;&lt;font face=&quot;Arial&quot; size=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail_it/taglines/*http://it.beta.messenger.yahoo.com&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Yahoo! Messenger&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;: chiamate gratuite in tutto il mondo &lt;/font&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 The Bible made us to understand that&quot;Blessed is the hand that giveth&quot;." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1772" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20050727144919.92916.qmail@web26107.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $18.5 Million" />
<title>Dear Good Friend.</title>
</head>
<body>
Dear Good Friend.

      I am Mrs Tina Williams from Solomon Islands. I am married to Mr. Lobi
Williams who worked with our Embassy in Ivory Coast for nine years before
he died in the year 2001. We were married for eleven years without a child.
He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days.

     Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his death
I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which
the Bible is against.

    When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $18.5 Million
with a Bank in Cote D lvoire. Presently this money is still in the custody
of the Bank in Cote D lvoire.

    Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next Eight
months due to cancer problem. Having known my condition I decided to donate
this fund to a church,organization or
 good person that will utilize this
money the way I am going to instruct herein.

    I want a church,organization or good person that will use this fund
for orphanages, widows and other peoples that needs help and also propagating
the word of God and to endeavor that the house of God is maintained.

   The Bible made us to understand that"Blessed is the hand that giveth".
l took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this
money and my husband relatives are not Christians not even good at all because
they are the one that responsible for the death of my husband in other to
have all my late husband prperties and I don't want my husband's efforts
to be used by those that conspired for his death.

      This is why I am taking this decision, I am not afraid of death hence
I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of
 the
Lord.Exodus 14 VS 14 says that "the lord will fight my case and I shall
hold my peace".

     I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of
my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always.
I don't want them to know about this development and l know that With God
all things are possible.

     As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the
Bank in Cote d' lvoire. I will also issue a letter of authorization to the
bank that will prove you the present beneficiary of this money. I also want
you, church or the organization to always pray for me because the lord is
my only shephard.

      My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever
that Wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and Truth. Please
always be prayerful all through your life.
Contact me on the
 this email address and any delay in your reply will give
me room in sourcing another good person, church,organization for this same
purpose.

Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I Stated herein.

Hoping to receive your response immedaitely.

Thanks and Remain blessed in the Lord.

l remain yours sister in Christ.

Mrs. Tina Williams.


<p>
		</p>


<a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail_it/taglines/*http://it.beta.messenger.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Messenger</a>: chiamate gratuite in tutto il mondo </body></html>