<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.TONY HILL." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="tony hill &lt;tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+ 874-763-591-425" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-07-27T11:06:10Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+ 874-763-591-426" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="tony_ho2006@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="tony_ho2006@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="27 Jul 2005 11:06:10.0230 (UTC) FILETIME=[31C1D560:01C5929B]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="TRANSFER OF US$48.223 MILLION {FORTY EIGHT MILLION  TWO HUNDRED &amp; TWENTY " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.TONY HILL." />
<meta name="creator" content="tony hill &lt;tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.TONY HILL." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="tony hill &lt;tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-07-27T11:06:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-07-27T11:06:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="27 Jul 2005 11:06:10.0230 (UTC) FILETIME=[31C1D560:01C5929B]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 27 07:06:20 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="tony hill" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.TONY HILL." />
<meta name="Author" content="tony hill &lt;tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1776" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="tony hill &lt;tony_yuhill8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>VERY URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>
FROM:MR.TONY HILL.
Tel: + 874-763-591-425
Fax: + 874-763-591-426

RE: TRANSFER OF US$48.223 MILLION {FORTY EIGHT MILLION  TWO HUNDRED &amp; TWENTY 
THREE THOUSAND U.S DOLLARS  ONLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT}

Attn:

I feel quite safe dealing with you in this important business having gone 
through your remarkable profile on the internet. Though, this medium 
(Internet) has been greatly abused, I choose to reach you through it because 
it still remains the fastest medium of communication. However, this 
correspondence is unofficial and private, and it should be treated as such.

At first I will like to assure you that this transaction is 100% risk and 
trouble free to both parties.

My name is MR TONY HILL I work as the operational manager in account 
management section in charge of credit and foreign bills of one of the prime 
banks here in South Africa. On a routine inspection I discovered a dormant 
domiciliary account with a Balance Of US$48,223,000. 00 (Forty eight million 
two hundred and twenty three thousand U.S dollar).On further discreet 
investigation, I also discovered that the account holder has died long ago 
with his family on a fatal Auto-accident leaving no beneficiary to the  
account and no other person knows about this account.

I am in close contact with the manager of the bank here who is my partner 
and he is willing to approve the transfer to any reliable and trustworthy  
foreigner with foreign bank account because the former operator of the a/c 
is a foreigner and from Australia in particular. I am certainly sure that he 
has no writen or oral WILL attached to the account , no  beneficiary and 
nobody will come again for the claim of this money. It is only a foreigner 
who can claim this money with legal claims to the account holder  which I 
will provide to you if you are interested, therefore I need your cooperation 
in this transaction. The difference in country of origins is not a hindrance 
to the success of this transaction. This money will remain useless in this 
dormant account if I did not transfer the fund out to a foreign account.

I will provide the necessary information and documents needed in order to 
claim this money. I only need your cooperation as a foreigner to provide 
your safe bank account information for the transfer. All arrangement  that 
will ensure a smooth transfer of the fund to the account which you are to 
nominate is already in place.You should also provide me with your direct  
phone lines for easy communication. I wish for utmost confidentiality in 
handling this transaction.

At the conclussion of this transaction, your share will be 25% of the total 
transfer sum, 70% for me and my partner while 5% will be set aside for any  
expenses both parties might incure during the process of the transfer. The 
fund will be transferred to your account in two parts. I will first transfer 
USD 20 Million to your account. I will fly over to meet you  after the 
successful transfer for sharing according to the agreed percentages. I will  
have the remaining balance of USD28,223 Million transferred to your account 
only after the successful sharing of the first transfer without any 
disappointment from your side.

I am looking forward to have a reply from you through my E-mail or you can 
call me or fax me.If you want to call my No. dial the way you use to call 
other countries, do not put South African area code which is 27, because it 
is a satellite phone which I bourght for this transaction for the security 
reason because our local land line here is not secured.


Let me hear from you.
Best Regards,
MR.TONY HILL

_________________________________________________________________
Search &amp; browse smarter, faster - download MSN Search Toolbar today, it's 
FREE! http://toolbar.msn.co.za?DI=1054&amp;XAPID=2083



</p>

</body></html>