<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="INVESTMENT OFFER." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="James Kabila. " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.yahoo.es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamkabila2001@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="President/Ceo" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamkabila2001@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jamkabila2001@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jamkabila2001@europe.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20030415132011.44823.qmail@web40702.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jamkabila2001@europe.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="INVESTMENT OFFER." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030415132011.44823.qmail@web40702.mail.yahoo.com&gt; INVESTMENT OFFER" />
<meta name="creator" content="James Kabila. " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="James Kabila. " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jamkabila2001@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 15 09:20:16 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jamkabila2001@yahoo.es&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="James Kabila." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="James Kabila. " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-180" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030415132011.44823.qmail@web40702.mail.yahoo.com&gt; INVESTMENT OFFER" />
<title>INVESTMENT OFFER.</title>
</head>
<body><p>To: President/Ceo
From: James Kabila. 
 

                   INVESTMENT OFFER
         
Dear Sir,
In appreciation of your esteemed contact received
through a reliable source and the choice of your
country I wish to introduce myself, I am Mr.James
Kabila the son of the late Democratic Republic of
Congo President Laurent Desire Kabila of the blessed
memory.I know this letter might come to you as a
surprise butI honestly do not intend to surprise you.
I write this letter in respect of my intention to
invest the sum of US$35M(Thirty Five Million United
State Dollars) with you.I inherited this money from my
mother. This money was got through the smuggling and
sales of Diamond and Timber when my father was the
head of state. My mother though not her legal wife
used her privilege position to engage in the business
of Diamond and Timber since she knows that her
survival will depend on how much she can get out of
the privilege situation.   When my father was
assassinated on 16TH Jan. 01 by one of his bodyguards
Lt. Rashidi Kasereke through the conspiracy of some
top army officers that wanted to topple him. I escaped
to Madrid, Spain because of the fear that I might be
arrested by my half brother Lt.General Joseph Kabila
the present head of state.Actually his mother and my
mother are not in the best of relationship because of
who among them will be the first lady tussle and this
ultimately affected us their children.My mother
advised me to leave For Madrid, Spain where these
funds were deposited for safe keeping with a Private
Security Company here in Spain.On getting to  Spain
where I have been living since then as a political
refugee, I am seeking for a reliable foreigner who can
come down to Madrid, Spain for a meeting and to clear
the funds in his name as the sole beneficiary of the
Consignment as I was afraid of being defraud. Honestly
I contacted you because I don't want to invest this
money in Madrid Spain due to my status here as a
political Refugee. And moreover I wouldn't want to
take risk because this money is all that my Mother and
I are depending on. My step brother Joseph,who is now
the present leader of my country has seized all my
father's assets and money. He left us empty handed
without knowing about this funds deposited with the
Security Company here. That is why I decided that
investing this money abroad should be the best
investment for me. I will be honored if I can be given
the privilege of investing this money with you. I
expect you to be trust worthy and kind enough to
respond to this distress call to save My Mother and I
from a hopeless future. And if you agree, I hereby
agree to compensate your sincere and candid effort in
this regard with 15% of the total amount of 
$35million US Dollars. When the money ($35 million) is
moved into your discrete account. You will be allowed
to draw 15% in your favor, while the remaining 85%
will be invested meaning fully for our future if
possible in your area of business and different
sectors of the Economy in your country which are
dividends yielding.Whatever your decision is please
reach me immediately,and keep this letter tight secret
for the interest of my Family.
Best regards, 
Mr.James Kabila. 





___________________________________________________
Yahoo! Messenger - Nueva versión GRATIS
Super Webcam, voz, caritas animadas, y más...
http://messenger.yahoo.es

</p>

</body></html>