<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="63.70.62.83" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM:MR.MOSES PARAISO," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.MOSES PARAISO," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Moses Paraiso &lt;pmosess@uku.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-08-17T13:13:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="pmosess@uku.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="pmoses@uku.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1124284382.430337de0e4ee@imp5-q.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="pmoses@uku.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM:MR.MOSES PARAISO," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	by imp5-q.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP 	for &lt;all.saintsj@212.27.48.2&gt;; Wed, 17 Aug 2005 15:13:02 +0200" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1124284382.430337de0e4ee@imp5-q.free.fr&gt; and" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.MOSES PARAISO," />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Moses Paraiso &lt;pmosess@uku.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.MOSES PARAISO," />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Moses Paraiso &lt;pmosess@uku.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-08-17T13:13:02Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-swift" content="COBB BJ BJ" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 for &lt;all.saintsj@212.27.48.2&gt;; Wed, 17 Aug 2005 15:13:02 +0200 (RE: TRANSFER OF USD28.5MILLION)" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-08-17T13:13:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;pmosess@uku.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 17 09:14:42 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;pmosess@uku.co.uk&gt; by imp5-q.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP ATTEN:" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Moses Paraiso" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.MOSES PARAISO," />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Moses Paraiso &lt;pmosess@uku.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-proposition" content="An Australian Engr Donald Pepper, a prosperous oil\Gold merc=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="63.70.62.83" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1801" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Moses Paraiso &lt;pmosess@uku.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1124284382.430337de0e4ee@imp5-q.free.fr&gt; and" />
<title>FROM:MR.MOSES PARAISO,</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MR.MOSES PARAISO,
CONTINENTAL BANK-BENIN
Av. Jean Paul II,
Carrefour des Trois Banques, 01 BP 2020 - Cotonou
Republice of Benin
Swift: COBB BJ BJ
Télex : CONTBK 5151 CTNOU

                                 ATTEN:
                        (RE: TRANSFER OF USD28.5MILLION)

Compliments of the Day Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is MR.MOSES
PARAISO,A top Management Official of the above Finance Corporation in Cotonou,
Benin Republic.

As it may intrest you to know, I got your contact through my international
business enquiry  as i was making contact of an foreign partner that will
assist me to bring this deal to be a success. I beleive you will be viable and
capable to champion a business of such  magnitude without any problem.

PROPOSITION: An Australian Engr Donald Pepper, a prosperous oil\Gold merchant
had in our Bank the sum of $28.5million in a domiciliary account.
Unfortunately, he was killed in a recent ghastly motor accident in Benin
Republic. Efforts had been made by the management of my bank through the
Australian Embassy to contact any of the deceased children but to no avail. I
later discovered that he had no children. Given the skeletal information
available to the bank, it has so far been impossible to reach any of the
relatives.

The situation left for the Management is to declare the deceased account dormant
and revert the funds to trading for interest to the Bank. In order to avoid this
development, I now seek your approval to have you stand as a distant relative to
Engr Donald Pepper, so that the money would be released to you.
I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved
to a local bank here, but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid
international passport or drivers license and foreign account.
Because the money is in US dollars and the former owner of the account Engr
Donald Pepper,was a foreigner too.

All documents and proofs to enable you get the money will be carefully packaged
once I receive your acceptance on this proposal. I shall apply for a leave as
soon as the funds get into your reliable account to come to your country for
sharing and investments which you will assist me in doing. May I assure you
that this is safe and risk-free, as I have taken care of all necessary
modalities to ensure a hitch-free Transfer I have decided that upon the
conclusion of this transaction you will be entitled to 30% of the total Funds I
have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me.
For us to proceed please send to me your full Location Address, telephone and
fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction.

REGARDS AND GOD BLESS YOU,
MR.MOSES PARAISO.
Kindly call me for more information.
PHONE NUMBER +229 - 05 17 26



</p>

</body></html>