<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="write back" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-08-18T01:21:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="eric55@kaixo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="erikwong100@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="erikwong100@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="erikwong100@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="write back" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200508180121.j7I1LA0Z020059@dante.bdp.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-08-18T01:21:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-08-18T01:21:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nobody@dante.bdp.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 17 21:33:54 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nobody@dante.bdp.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200508180121.j7I1LA0Z020059@dante.bdp.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="eric wong" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1805" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="eric wong &lt;eric55@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200508180121.j7I1LA0Z020059@dante.bdp.it&gt;" />
<title>write back</title>
</head>
<body><p>
MR ERIC WONG
PROPERTY &amp; LEASE MANAGERS
26 KESINGTON COURT LONDON,
ENGLAND.

Dear Friend,

I write you in good faith, hoping that you will treat this letter as a
desperate search for assistance in a matter that shall benefit both of
us. A random search based on your locality from the Internet produced
your name and address, Please i apologise for this medium of contact as
it appears the only definate way i can have assistance with this
matter.

I am Eric Wong a property Manager to a deceased Immigrant property
magnate who was based in the U.K., also referred to as my client.

On Monday, 31 July, 2000, 13:22 GMT 14:22 UK , my client, his wife and
their two Children died in the Air France concord plane crash bound for
New York in their plan for a world cruise,

I have been managing his properties here in the U.K. and some others
which he put out for sale. The properties which have long been put out 
on
sale have now been paid for and now the money paid has long been
deposited into his local bank account here. I have contacted you to 
assist in
repatriating the money and estate left behind by my client before they
get confiscated or declared unserviceable by his bank. Particularly,
the bank has issued me with a notice to provide any of his next of kin 
or
have the account confiscated within a short period of time.

My late client has an account valued at 30 Million United States
Dollars Only. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating any of my 
clients
relatives for some time now and with no one coming forward since my
clients passing on, and with the bank now giving me a deadline, I now 
seek
your consent to present you as the next of kin to my deceased client, 
so
that the proceeds of his account valued at 30 Million United States
Dollars Only can be paid to you.

This I intend we share amongst ourselves in the ratio of 50% to me and
40% for you while the balance 10% we shall use for settling any
miscellaneous expenses that might arise. I have all the necessary 
information
that can be used to back up any Claim that we may make and I can assure
you that you shall be paid this amount as the next of kin to my late
client.

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal
through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Trust me 
as his
Manager of his Estates, as i have all the needed information, that this
is a risk-free relationship.

Please get in touch with me via email: erikwong100@yahoo.com.hk  , if
you are interested in helping me, so that we can discuss and i can send
to you additional details.

Best regards,

Eric Wong

___________________________________________________________________________



</p>

</body></html>