<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;MAIL6eoHvEmsgTFsFOU0003461d@mail.matsuoka.com.cn&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="16 Apr 2003 13:14:26.0250 (UTC) FILETIME=[1AD78AA0:01C3041A]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;MAIL6eoHvEmsgTFsFOU0003461d@mail.matsuoka.com.cn&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dayonaps04@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="16 Apr 2003 13:14:26.0250 (UTC) FILETIME=[1AD78AA0:01C3041A]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Apr 16 09:30:51 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dayonaps04@aol.com&gt; Dollars Only) in my Bank. We sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-181" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="dayonaps04@aol.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;MAIL6eoHvEmsgTFsFOU0003461d@mail.matsuoka.com.cn&gt;" />
<title> </title>
</head>
<body><p>DAYO NAPS
234 80 372 20807

Dear Sir,

I am Mr. Dayo Naps, an official with one of the APEX banks in Nigeria.My colleagues and I have an urgent and very confidential 
business proposal for you. On the 6th of June 1998 an American miner, Mr. Travis Myers ran an account with us and
his present balance is valued at US$28,500,000.00 (Twenty-Eight Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States
 Dollars Only) in my Bank. We sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we
sent a reminder and finally, we discovered from his employers that he died from an automobile accident. On further
investigation, we found out from his account file that he never made a will and all attempts to trace his next of kin was
fruitless, as he had none. We therefore made further investigations and discovered that Mr. Travis Myers did not 
declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents in the bank files. This sum of $28,500,000.00 is still 
lying in the bank and the principal sum and interest is being rolled over at the end of every year. As it is now, no one 
will ever come forward to claim this money. According to the Nigeria law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money 
will revert to the ownership of the Government if unclaimed. 

Consequently, my proposal is that I would like you to stand in as the next of kin of Mr. Travis Myers. This is simple; all 
we need is some of your details so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which would
put you in place as Mr. Myers's next of kin. We shall also employ the services of an accredited Attorney for the drafting
and notarisation of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letters of probate/administration in your 
favour for the transfer. The money would be shared in the ration of 75% for us and 25% for you.

There is no risk at all as the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and my position as a manager 
guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately via email.

Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for us. I shall 
still require your assistance to invest my own share in your country just incase you can help, otherwise we'll take our 
share . 

Awaiting your urgent reply.

Mr.Dayo Naps
234 80 372 20807

</p>

</body></html>