<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by elderberry.cc.CU id j7SJ4JoP017548" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="victoronyema1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.166" />
<meta name="subject" content="Personal" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;victor onyema&quot; &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="victor onyema &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="victoronyema1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-08-28T19:04:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.166" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="victor_onyemachi@freenet.de" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="6.977 (******) DEAR_SOMETHING MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER NIGERIAN_BODY1 NIGERIAN_BODY2 RISK_FREE UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by elderberry.cc.CU id j7SJ4JoP017548" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="victor_onyemachi@freenet.de" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Personal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="28 Aug 2005 19:04:19.0265 (UTC) FILETIME=[4AF92B10:01C5AC03]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[victoronyema1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;victor onyema&quot; &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="victor onyema &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;victor onyema&quot; &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="victor onyema &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-08-28T19:04:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 a=20" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-08-28T19:04:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="6.977 (******) DEAR_SOMETHING MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER NIGERIAN_BODY1 NIGERIAN_BODY2 RISK_FREE UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="28 Aug 2005 19:04:19.0265 (UTC) FILETIME=[4AF92B10:01C5AC03]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="victoronyema1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Aug 28 15:04:34 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[victoronyema1@hotmail.com] of=20" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt; I=20" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="victor onyema" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;victor onyema&quot; &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="victor onyema &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1816" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="victor onyema &lt;victoronyema1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>Personal</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir/Madam,

Please forgive me if I intrude your privacy, we do not know each other but 
it does not matter. What matters is transparency between us in this deal. I 
am Mr.Victor Onyemachi. I came to know about you in my private search for a 
reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential business 
transaction. A foreigner, Name With-held until his death in a plain Crashed 
few years, banked with us here and had a closing balance of US$20.5M (Twenty 
Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars) which the bank unquestionably expects 
it to be claimed by any available next of kin of the late beneficiary or 
alternatively be donated to a discredited trust fund for Arms and Ammunition 
at a National Military War College here in Nigeria.

Valuable effort have been made by our Institution to get in-touch with any 
of the families of the depositor but proved to no avail. it is because of 
the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of the families of 
the late depositor’s next of kin that the management under the influence of 
our chairman and Members Of The Boards Of Director that an arrangement be 
made for the funds to be declared Un-claimable and subsequently be donated 
to the Trust Fund for Arms and Ammunition to further Enhance the course of 
war in Africa and the World in General as you knows that war will eventually 
bring destruction to man kind. In order to avert this negative development, 
I now seek your permission to have you stand as the Next-Of-Kin Of. Late 
depositor so that the funds US$ 20.5M (Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand 
Dollars) would be release and pay into your Bank Account as the Next Of Kin. 
Just recently the fund was moved to one an off-shore bank abroad Finance 
Company while the arrangement is also been made to donate the funds to the 
Military College if no body comes up for the claim.

I am contacting you because I want the two of us to work out modalities to 
secure the fund and use it for our benefit instead of donating the money to 
a war college. With me in the inside it will be very easy. All Documents and 
proofs to enable us get this Fund on your name as the legal beneficiary of 
the said fund will be carefully worked as the documents to be secure shall 
state that you alone is the next of kin and the beneficiary. This 
transaction is 100% Risk Free so do not be afraid. Your share out of the 
$20.5m depends on our agreement as we proceed with the deal. I will 
appreciate if you send to me your age, your job type and personal 
information in your reply to this mail. If this Proposal is all right by 
you.
Thanks for your co-operation.

Yours Faithfully,

Mr. Victor Onyemachi




</p>

</body></html>