<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="acct_gen_hassan@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="FUND TRANSFER." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo&quot; &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="acct_gen_hassan@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-08-31T22:45:52Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="acct_gen_alhaji3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="acct_gen_alhaji3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FUND TRANSFER." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="31 Aug 2005 22:45:52.0323 (UTC) FILETIME=[BD7E1930:01C5AE7D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="REQUEST TO TRANSFER THE SUM OF $35,000,000.00" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[acct_gen_hassan@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo&quot; &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo&quot; &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-08-31T22:45:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-08-31T22:45:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="31 Aug 2005 22:45:52.0323 (UTC) FILETIME=[BD7E1930:01C5AE7D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="acct_gen_hassan@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 31 23:17:29 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[acct_gen_hassan@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo&quot; &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1821" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan dankwambo &lt;acct_gen_hassan@msn.com&gt;" />
<title>FUND TRANSFER.</title>
</head>
<body><p>OFFICE OF THE ACCOUNTANT-GENERAL
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
ASO-ROCK VILLA, GARKI ABUJA, FCT



ATTENTION:

RE: REQUEST TO TRANSFER THE SUM OF $35,000,000.00
INTO
YOUR PRIVATE/COMPANIES ACCOUNT.]
"Assalaam Alaikum"
I approach you most honorably today for a mutual
business transaction. I am ALHAJI IBRAHIM HASSAN
DANKWAMBO,
the Accountant -General of the Federal Republic of
Nigeria. I have been given the opportunity to be
appointed the Accountant-General after several years
of active service.
Now by virtue of my present office and position, it is
an opportunity for me to have a share of the huge oil
money which many top military personnel of the past
regimes had used my predecessors
in the past to achieve their personal interest without
any benefit towards them.
Following this development, I now have an accord with
a top officer of the Finance Ministry to remit the sum
of US $35, 000,000.00 (Thirty Five Million United
State Dollars) to your nominated account, hence we as
Civil
Servants do not have the right to acquire foreign
account while in service. I
therefore request you to kindly allocate any account
of your choice with all necessary particulars to
enable me to forward it to the Central Bank of Nigeria
for onward release of fund transfer approvals in your
favour, we have ten working days to conclude this deal
on commencement, and I shall join you at the account
base for sharing and further discussion on my
investment plan in your country.
We shall negotiate your percentage share on reply of
this mail for your anticipated contribution in making
this transaction a success. Do not hesitate to comment
where you do not understand.
ON SECURITY:
To ensure maximum security all correspondences shall
be by E-mail and strictly confidential.
Please protect my position in my country by keeping
everything secret until funds in question leave our
foreign reserve account.
Finally I assure you of a 100% thorough, risk free,
and hitch free transaction.
CONFIRM YOUR INTERET BY IMMEDIATE RESPONSE BY SENDING
ME AN EMAIL.   {acct_gen_alhaji3@hotmail.com}

YOURS FAITHFULLY

ALHAJI IBRAHIM HASSAN DANKWAMBO
ACCOUNTANT-GENERAL,
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA.




</p>

</body></html>