<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="dnkb03@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="The Desk of Dr. Dan Kabo" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dan Kabo &lt;dnkb03@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dnkb03@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-06T02:49:44Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dk_nlng@inbox.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dk_nlng@inbox.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="06 Sep 2005 02:49:45.0229 (UTC) FILETIME=[A3731BD0:01C5B28D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[dnkb03@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="The Desk of Dr. Dan Kabo" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dan Kabo &lt;dnkb03@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="The Desk of Dr. Dan Kabo" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dan Kabo &lt;dnkb03@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-06T02:49:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-06T02:49:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dnkb03@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="06 Sep 2005 02:49:45.0229 (UTC) FILETIME=[A3731BD0:01C5B28D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="dnkb03@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep  5 22:49:47 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[dnkb03@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dnkb03@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dan Kabo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="The Desk of Dr. Dan Kabo" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dan Kabo &lt;dnkb03@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1825" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dan Kabo &lt;dnkb03@msn.com&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: The Desk of Dr. Dan Kabo
Accountant General, Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG)

Dear Sir

I want to belief that this Business Proposal, which was made with good 
intention will not to be a source of embarrassment to you, as you may've 
received similar type before.

I am extending this proposal to you in my capacity as Chief Accountant and 
in full agreement with the Auditor-General of this company (Nigerian 
Liquefied Natural Gas Company). After the third quarter internal audit 
carried on all records and accounts of awarded and executed contracts of 
this company (NLNG) since inception of democracy in Nigeria, a whopping sum 
of Thirty Two Million United States Dollars was uncovered to be floating. It 
might interest you to know that The Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas Company 
came into full working capacity during the current civilian dispensation at 
a working/asset capacity of Three Billion United States Dollars, and will 
definitely gulp more Two Billion United States Dollars on the completion of 
the fifth part.

The money (Thirty Two Million United States Dollars) has been approved for 
payment by this company NLNG, The Federal Ministry of Finance (Endorsed by 
the Accountant General of the Federation) and to be paid by the Apex Bank of 
Nigeria under Contract Number: NLNG/FGN/FMF/CBN/C987/04. As top civil 
servants, we are not authorized to operate Foreign Bank account hence our 
decision to use your account on full trust and confidence to transfer this 
money outside Nigeria. We have jointly agreed to transfer the funds into 
your account provided you will consent and prove that you can be trusted. I 
will regularize the approvals to reflect you as the beneficiary of the 
funds.

We have resolved to give you 25% of the total sum for your assistance, 5% 
will also be used to defray all expenses that we will incurred in the course 
of this transaction, while we will invest our share of 70% into real estate 
development in your country, which you will manage for us pending our 
resignation from civil service. If you are capable of assisting with the 
transfer, please contact me immediately on my above information. PLEASE, YOU 
MAY ALSO IGNORE THIS LETTER AND RESPECT MY TRUST IN YOU AND ITS 
CONFIDENTIALITY BY NOT EXPOSING THIS TRANSACTION, SHOULD YOU NOT BE 
INTERESTED.

Very Best Regards.

Dr. Dan Kabo.




</p>

</body></html>