<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="MANY THANKS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;dike mark&quot; &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dike mark &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dikemark@idncafe.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-14T01:43:52Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MANY THANKS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-2641060@idngh1.idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-2641060@idngh1.idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;dike mark&quot; &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="dike mark &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;dike mark&quot; &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dike mark &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-14T01:43:52Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-14T01:43:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro Web Mailer v.4.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 13 22:02:48 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="dike mark" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;dike mark&quot; &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="dike mark &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro Web Mailer v.4.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1841" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="dike mark &lt;dikemark@idncafe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-2641060@idngh1.idncafe.com&gt;" />
<title>MANY THANKS</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

I am Mrs. Suha Arafat, the wife of Yasser Arafat, the
Palestinian leader who died recently in Paris France.
Since his death and even prior to the announcement,
I have been thrown into a state of antagonism, confusion,
humiliation,frustration and hopelessness by the present
leadership of the Palestinian Liberation Organization and
the new Prime Minister headed by MAHMOUD ABBAS.
I have even been subjected to physical and psychological
torture.

As a widow that is so traumatized, I have lost confidence
with everybody in the country at the moment. You must have
heard over the media reports and the Internet on the 
discovery of some fund in my husband secret bank account 
and companies and the allegations of some huge sums of 
money deposited by my husband in my name of which I have 
refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt Palestine 
Government.And they are not relenting on their effort to 
make me poor for life. As you know, the Moslem community 
has no regards for woman,more importantly when the woman 
is from a christian background,hence my desire for a 
foreign assistance.I and my late husband deposited the 
sum of 6.5 million dollars with a Financial firm in 
Europe/Canada whose name is withheld for now until 
we open communication.I shall be grateful if you could 
receive this fund into your bank account for safe keeping 
and any Investment opportunity.This arrangement will be 
known to you and I alone and all our correspondence should 
be strictly on email alone because our government has 
tapped 
all my lines and are monitoring all my moves.

In view of the above, if you are willing to assist for our 
mutual benefits, i promise to give you 30% of the 
$6,500,000 
that will be kept in your position for a while and 
invested 
in your name for my trust pending when my Daughter, ZAHWA, 
will come off age and take full responsibility of her 
Family 
inheritance.Please note that this is a golden opportunity 
that comes once in life time and more so, if you are 
honest, 
I am going to entrust more funds in your care as this is 
one 
of the legacy we keep for our children. In case you don't 
accept please do not let me out to the security and 
international media as I am giving you this information 
in total trust and confidence I will greatly appreciate 
if you accept my proposal in good faith.


Yours sincerely,

Mrs.Suha Arafat
Reply email: suhaarfata@walla.com
        


</p>

</body></html>