<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.91.239.211" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-18T00:44:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="peteradams2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="peter_adams3010@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="peter_adams3010@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="peter_adams3010@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-18T00:44:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-18T00:44:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 17 20:57:02 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="peter adams" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.91.239.211" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1845" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="peter adams &lt;peteradams2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR PETER ADAMS
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT
CREDIT BANK BENIN
COTONOU-BENIN REPUBLIC
WEST AFRICA.
DIRECT CONTACT:
+229 97 87 30 79

ALTERNATIVE EMAIL:peter_adams3010@yahoo.it

My dear  
,

I am MR PETER ADAMS, the director in charge of auditing and 
accounting section of Credit Bank Benin republic in West Africa with 
due respect and regard. I have decided to contact you on a business 
transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end of 
the transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, 
my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to a 
deceased person who died on 30th january 2000 on Kenya Airways with 
aircraft Airbus 310-304 at location Abidjan, Ivory Coast,  with 
registration number 5Y-BEN while travelling with his entire family, his 
wife, two children and a maid on a festive visit to Abidjan and since 
his untimely death the funds has been dormant in his account with this 
Bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his 
family or relation before our discovery to this development.

Although 
personally, I kept this information secret within myself and partners 
to enable the whole plans and idea be Profitable and successful during 
the time of execution. The said amount was (USD$24.1M)Twenty four 
Million one Hundred Thousand united states dollars As it may interest 
you to know, I got your impressive information through my good friend 
who works with chamber of commerce on foreign business relations here 
in Cotonou-Benin, it is him who recommended your person to me to be 
viable and capable to champion a business of such magnitude without any 
problem.

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over this 
fund as the bonafide next of kin to the deceased and get the required 
approval and transfer this money to a foreign account has been put in 
place, all directives and needed information will be relayed to you as 
soon as you indicate your interest and willingness to assist us and 
also benefit yourself to this great business opportunity.

In fact i 
could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant, we are not allowed to operate a foreign 
account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the 
time of transfer because i work in this bank.

This is the actual 
reason why it will require a second party or fellow who will forward 
claims as the next of kin to the Bank and also present a foreign 
account where he will need the money to be re-transferred into on his 
request as it may be after due verification and  clarification by the 
correspondent branch of the bank where the whole money will be remitted 
from to your own designated bank account.

May i at this point 
emphasize that this transaction is 100% risk free as i have made all 
arrangements for a successful transaction as an insider of the bank 
before contacting you.

On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you 
will be entitled to 30%of the total sum as gratification, while 10% 
will be set aside to take care of any expenses that may arise during 
the time of transfer like telephone bills, fax and our travel tickets 
to come over to your country for the sharing of the fund while 60% will 
be for me and my partners.

Please you have been advised to keep this a 
top secret as we are still in service and intend to retire from service 
after we conclude this deal with you.

I will be monitoring the whole 
situation here in this bank until you confirm the money in your account 
and ask us to come down to your country for subsequent sharing of the 
fund according to percentages previously indicated and further 
investment either in your country or any country you will advice us to 
invest in.

All other necessary information will be sent to you on your 
acceptance to champion this transaction with me. I suggest you get back 
to me as soon as possible stating your wish in this deal.

For 
confidentiality reasons,kindly call me on my direct line and also reply 
to my private 

Email:peter_adams3010@yahoo.it

Yours Faithfully,
MR 
PETER ADAMS
+229 97 87 30 79


</p>

</body></html>