<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="jnaveed1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="DEAR BELOVED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;John Naveed&quot; &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="John Naveed &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jnaveed1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-20T13:28:07Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jnaveed1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jnaveed1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jnaveed1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DEAR BELOVED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="20 Sep 2005 13:28:07.0677 (UTC) FILETIME=[23455AD0:01C5BDE7]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[jnaveed1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;John Naveed&quot; &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="John Naveed &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;John Naveed&quot; &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="John Naveed &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-20T13:28:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-20T13:28:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="20 Sep 2005 13:28:07.0677 (UTC) FILETIME=[23455AD0:01C5BDE7]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="jnaveed1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 20 09:28:15 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[jnaveed1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="John Naveed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;John Naveed&quot; &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="John Naveed &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1848" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="John Naveed &lt;jnaveed1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>DEAR BELOVED</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

Please as you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I 
believe everyone will die someday. My name is Mr. John Naveed, a merchant 
from Dubai, in the U.A.E. I have been diagnosed with Oesophageal cancer. It 
has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have only about 
a few months to live, according to medical experts.

I have not particularly lived my life so well as a good person, as I never 
really cared for anyone (not even myself) but my business. Though I am very 
rich, I was never Generous, I was always hostile to people and only focused 
on my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all 
this, as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or 
make all the money in the world.

I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would 
live
my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has called me 
and at the point of death, I have willed and given most of my property and 
assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close 
family friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul, so I have decided to 
give
alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good 
deeds
I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some charity 
organizations
in the U.A.E, Malaysia and some countries in Africa. Now that my health has 
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do so many things by myself anymore.

I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute 
the
money that I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan, 
they
refused and selfishly kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust 
them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for 
them.

The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of 
eleven
million dollars $11,000,000,00 that I have with a finance/Security Company 
abroad. I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to 
various charity organizations. I have set aside some part of this deposit 
for you as compensation for your time and any inconvenience this will cost 
you. You can also contact me on mr_johnnaveed@yahoo.co.uk

God be with you.
Mr. John Naveed




</p>

</body></html>