<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="STAND AS THE NEXT OF KIN TO MY LATE CLIENT...?" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Koffi kosombo&quot; &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Koffi kosombo &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-20T23:36:57Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="STAND AS THE NEXT OF KIN TO MY LATE CLIENT...?" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="20 Sep 2005 23:36:57.0770 (UTC) FILETIME=[30E730A0:01C5BE3C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Koffi kosombo&quot; &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Koffi kosombo &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Koffi kosombo&quot; &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Koffi kosombo &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-20T23:36:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-20T23:36:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel/fax" content="234-8035820155." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="20 Sep 2005 23:36:57.0770 (UTC) FILETIME=[30E730A0:01C5BE3C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 20 19:37:07 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Koffi kosombo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Koffi kosombo&quot; &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Koffi kosombo &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1851" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Koffi kosombo &lt;koffi_kosombo707@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>STAND AS THE NEXT OF KIN TO MY LATE CLIENT...?</title>
</head>
<body><p>Kosombo  Chamberlee &amp; Associate.
11 Baker Squre Lagos Nigeria.
Tel/Fax:234-8035820155.
Email address:barr_kok@yahoo.com


My Dear:

First,I must solicit your confidence in this transaction, this by virtue if 
its nature as being utterly CONFIDENTIAL and TOPSECRET.Though I know that a  
transaction of this magnitude will make  any one apprehensive and worried, 
but I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day. I am 
barrister Kofi Kosombo,solicitor at law.I am the personal attorney to Mr  
Paul Hamp , a national of your country,who was in contract with shell 
development company in Nigeria.On the 21st of April 1999,my client,his wife 
And their three Children were involved in  a caraccident along sagbama 
express road.

All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives. Since then I 
have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients 
extended relatives  this has also proved unsuccessful. After these several 
unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace his last name over the Internet, 
to locate any member of his family  hence I contacted you. I have contacted 
you to assist in retrieving the sum of US$10m deposited in a security 
company by my client before it get'sconfisicated because the security 
company doesn't know that the content of the consignment is cash because on 
the day of deposite we declared it as family valuables because we never want 
them to know the true content of the consignment.

The security company has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or 
have the consignment confisicated within the next two weeks and these very 
money is too  big for me to allow it to beconfisicated by the authority. 
Since I have been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over 2 
years now I seek your consent to  present you as the next of kin of the 
deceased since you have the same last name so that the proceeds of this 
consignment valued at 10million dollars can be released to you and then you 
and me can share the money. 60% to me and 40% to you I have all necessary 
legal documents that can be used to back the claim.

All I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through. 
I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that 
will protect you from any breach of the law. I am not imposing this 
transaction on you,It is a thing of self  willing ness,so it is either you 
write me back and tell me you are willing and I will know the next step to 
take because this fund must be claimed either with your help  or the help of 
somebody else. After going through the proposal and under standing it very 
well and you are willing to do this transaction with me,get back to me 
immediately so that we can start as follows:

1)I will send to you the contact of the security company,the deposite code, 
for you to call for verification if such deposite is really existing.
2)The claim will require both of our physical presentation at the security 
company. With constant communication it will not take us more than seven 
working days to achieve our aim.

It is a promise that at the end of the day you will embrace me and we will 
become one family friends for life as I was with my late client.  Your 
private telephone is also needed in reponse to this proposal for oral 
discussions and better understanding.
While I wait for your reply.

Best Regard
Koffi Kosombo.




</p>

</body></html>