<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="cheu_ngpui12@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONTACT ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="cheung pui &lt;cheu_ngpui12@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cheu_ngpui12@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-23T16:23:29Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="cheu_ngpui4010@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="cheu_ngpui4010@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONTACT ME" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="23 Sep 2005 20:56:27.0785 (UTC) FILETIME=[44395790:01C5C081]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[cheu_ngpui12@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="creator" content="cheung pui &lt;cheu_ngpui12@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="cheung pui &lt;cheu_ngpui12@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-23T16:23:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-23T16:23:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cheu_ngpui12@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="23 Sep 2005 20:56:27.0785 (UTC) FILETIME=[44395790:01C5C081]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="cheu_ngpui12@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Sep 23 16:57:54 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[cheu_ngpui12@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cheu_ngpui12@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="cheung pui" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="Author" content="cheung pui &lt;cheu_ngpui12@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1859" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="cheung pui &lt;cheu_ngpui12@msn.com&gt;" />
<title>CONTACT ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR.CHEUNG PUI

(cheu_ngpui4010@yahoo.com.hk)

Dear Friend,

Let me start by introducing myself. I am Mr. Cheung Pui director of
operations of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd. I have a obscured business
suggestion for you.

Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client Major Fadi Basem who was with
the Iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit
for 18 calendar months, with a value of Twenty Four million Five
Hundred Thousand United State Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity
several notice was sent to him, even during the war early this year.

Again after the war another notification was sent and still no response
came from him. We later find out that the Majorand his family had been
killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home.

After further investigation it was also discovered that Major Fadi
basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including
the paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last
time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in
my bank.So, Twenty Four million Five Hundred Thousand United State
Dollar is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to
claim it.What bothers me most is that according to the laws of my
country at the expiration 4 years the funds will revert to the
ownership of  the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the
funds.

Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as
a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Major Fadi Basem so that you
will be able to receive his funds.

WHAT IS TO BE DONE:

I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we
shall come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will
prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin
to Major Fadi Basem , all that is required from you at this stage is
for you to provide me with your Full Names and Address so that the
attorney can commence his job. After you have been made the next of
kin, the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and
secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for
the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you.

There is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a
legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary
documents. Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters
concerning this issue.

Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we
shall share in the ratio of 70% for me, 30% for you . Should you be
interested please send me your full names and current residential
address and I will prefer you to reach me on the email address below

(cheu_ngpui4010@yahoo.com.hk)

And finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this
operation.

Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.

Kind Regards,

Mr. Cheung Pui.




</p>

</body></html>