<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Bill Franklyn&quot; &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Bill Franklyn &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-26T20:01:39Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="26 Sep 2005 20:01:40.0402 (UTC) FILETIME=[1C07C120:01C5C2D5]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Bill Franklyn&quot; &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Bill Franklyn &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Bill Franklyn&quot; &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Bill Franklyn &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-26T20:01:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-26T20:01:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="26 Sep 2005 20:01:40.0402 (UTC) FILETIME=[1C07C120:01C5C2D5]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep 26 16:02:36 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Bill Franklyn" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Bill Franklyn&quot; &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Bill Franklyn &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1867" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Bill Franklyn &lt;cnslntnt_bfranklyn@msn.com&gt;" />
<title>I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,


I am Bill Franklyn,a Financial Consultant Account portfolio manager based 
and working in London UK, working in one of the leading finance houses and I 
happen to have managed a particular  account for a Resident Foreigner,here 
in the United Kingdom,who died Interstate, leaving in our care a sizeable 
amount in a domiciliary United States Dollars Investment Account.

For some reasons this client does not have an easily identifiable next of 
Kin and I have made several enquiries to locate any of my clients relatives; 
immediate and extended, this has proved unsuccessful, hence  I am contacting 
you "based on the fact that you have similar names". I need your assistance 
in securing the money and property left behind by my client before they get 
confiscated or declared unserviceable by the Finance House here in the 
United Kingdom. The Finance House has already issued a Government Mandatory 
formality notice to provide the Next of Kin or have the account confiscated 
and this should expire within a month.

Since I have been unsuccessful in locating any of his relatives for over two 
years and convinced that no one is coming up and having satisfied the 
mandatory  legal requirement of Beneficiary next of kin Notification, I now 
seek a Reliable and Trustworthy person,with your consent and perfect 
understanding, to present you as the next of kin of the deceased so that the 
proceeds of this account initially valued at Twenty One Million, Three 
Hundred And Twenty Thousand United States Dollars,($21,320,000) interest not 
inclusive, can be paid into an account to be provided by you(preferably) 
outside the United Kingdom Financial Institutions or its Isles), as the 
perceived Next Of Kin Legally and Otherwise.

All I require is your honest cooperation and confidence in me; which I know 
would not come easy. I guarantee that this will be executed under a 
legitimate background that will protect you from any breach of the law.
I would advise that you give this positive consideration and get back to me 
soon. I'll be flexible and considerate in the percentage share that will be 
given to you for your assistance.

Upon receipt of your response we will exchange contact information so that 
we can reach each other for further discussions.


Regards,

Bill Franklyn




</p>

</body></html>