<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM  JOHN" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="STRASSER  JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="STRASSER JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="strasser_jon@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-09-30T10:16:49Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="strasserjohn1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="d1d4dd16-c7ab-43a1-bd0f-74f07e1d7ff4" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="strasserjohn1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM  JOHN" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200509301016.j8UAGmpj021247@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="STRASSER  JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="STRASSER JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="STRASSER  JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="STRASSER JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-09-30T10:16:49Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-09-30T10:16:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Sep 30 06:16:54 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200509301016.j8UAGmpj021247@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="STRASSER JOHN" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="STRASSER  JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="STRASSER JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1877" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="STRASSER JOHN &lt;strasser_jon@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200509301016.j8UAGmpj021247@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>FROM  JOHN</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear Sir,
Is nice to know you and also I wish to solicit for your profound
assistance. I got your contact through my quest for a reliable Business
Partner who will guide and assist me to Invest my family heritage funds into

a lucrative Business venture over there in future.
Please maintain most confidential: My name is John Strasser, from Ivory
Coast (Corte d' voire) I am a son of Honorable. Justice Strasser, of
the blessed memory. My late father was a Politician and a Businessman,
dealing on Precious Minerals in my Country. We held from Buake town of
Ivory - Coast. My father was murdered early last month by the Rebels, who
wanted to
over throw the Government but they failed and now there is a serious
crisis in my country between the Rebels and the Government. However, the
Rebels have captured my town Buake and Killed so many people including
my Father. And now left me and my sister and our aged mother. However,
after the incident of the death of my father, we decide and ran to
Ghana, the neighbouring country where we are now taking refuge at a Private
guest house in Accra - Ghana.
But before the untimely death of my father, My father told me sometime
ago, that he has some huge amount of Money ($17.100.000.00 USD) he
deposited last year in Europe, at GLOBAL SECURITY AND FINANCE COMPANY,for
safe - keeping as Precious goods of family Embodiments,Meanwhile Please
see
Now my family and myself have move to Ghana and also We found that my
family Heritage funds are there in this Private Security Firm. However,
We have secured this fond for my future family Investments and I will
use part of this money to buy a
House in your country where I and my family will live and I will Invest
the rest Funds into solid Business Ventures over there in near future.
My reasons of contacting you is because I needed an honest and reliable
person, who will guide me and stand as my Partner / Trustee, during the
withdrawal of my heritage funds from the Security - Firm. And we shall
use your Personal or Company's Account to Remit /Transfer these funds
through a Bank in Ghana. Please Note: If you indicate your willingness
and full interest to assist me, I will offer you 15% of my total
heritage funds, as your commission for the assistance and 5% will be set aside
for any expenses that will be incurred in the course of the Transaction
/
Transfer.
Expecting to hear from you soon.
Thank you,
John  Strasser</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>