<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="NIGERIA INVESTIGATION DEPARTMENT " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ROSEMARY ANI&quot; &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ROSEMARY ANI &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-10-04T12:17:42Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nigeria_i_d@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F3230B597CDCA4E33ACECCEF830@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nigeria_i_d@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="NIGERIA INVESTIGATION DEPARTMENT " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="04 Oct 2005 12:17:42.0636 (UTC) FILETIME=[9EBBC2C0:01C5C8DD]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Tue, 4 Oct 2005 05:17:42 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F3230B597CDCA4E33ACECCEF830@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ROSEMARY ANI&quot; &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ROSEMARY ANI &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ROSEMARY ANI&quot; &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ROSEMARY ANI &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-10-04T12:17:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-10-04T12:17:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="04 Oct 2005 12:17:42.0636 (UTC) FILETIME=[9EBBC2C0:01C5C8DD]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Oct  4 08:17:51 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt; Tue, 4 Oct 2005 05:17:42 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ROSEMARY ANI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ROSEMARY ANI&quot; &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ROSEMARY ANI &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1881" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ROSEMARY ANI &lt;nigerianinvestigation_department@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F3230B597CDCA4E33ACECCEF830@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>NIGERIA INVESTIGATION DEPARTMENT </title>
</head>
<body>





 

                              NIGERIA INVESTIGATION DEPARTMENT 
                                    4TH FLOOR MARY LAND 
                                           LAGOS NIGERIA 

                                   MOTTO: SECURITY WATCH 

                                                TEL:234-8025841843

From the desk of  :MRS. ROSEMARY ANI. 

Attention:BENEFICIAREIS 

                       BE CAREFUL OF HOODLUMS. 
Sir/Ma, 

Based on the finding in this investigastion department we wish to warn 
you against some touts. 

We have been informed that some touts are contating you in respect to 
the collection of your fund in the total sum of  $35 Million U.S.A 
Dollars that was long approved in your favour through the Wema Bank of 
Nigeria. 

As  a matter of fact we have been on this investigation assignments for 
some time codely known to no one but the Presidency and some top 
government official who are in support of this investigation team to 
help stop fraudalent activities in this country. 

Although we have been able to come up with some good result about the 
people that have extorted money from you illegally and i wish to list 
them so that you will personally indicate them by writting back because 
we want to make your payment to you without any delay but we must 
surely deal and bring this names to book if only you will indicate 
correctly 
any of them. 

The names of the Touts that have been arrested are as follows: 

1) PROF CHARLES SOLODO 
2) CHIEF JOSEPH SANUSI 
3)DR. R.RASHEED 
4) BARRISTER  AWELE 
6)BARRISTER UCHEUZO WILLIAMS. 
7)Mr. Ernest Chukwudi Ebi 
Deputy Governor - Policy  / Board Member 
8)Mr. Tunde Lemo Deputy Governor - Financial Sector Surveillance / 
Board 
Member 
9)Mrs. W. D. A. Mshelia 
Deputy Governor - Corporate Services / Board Member 

The above listed names are  been traced/investigated by the police and 
some of them have elope the country and note that if any of them is 
caught and find guilty he/she we go to jailed for 25 years(twenty five 
years) as it is under the Degree 47 of the constituition of this bank 
under section of criminal law. 

So we are waiting for you to write us and  inform us if any of the 
above names have once contacted you in respect to the your fund if yes 
dont waste time  to indicate it immediately. 
Note that the only office/paying bank that have right to pay or contact 
you in this Transfer is the Wema Bank of Nigeria which is been headed 
by the bank Governor. You must deal directly with them and do what so 
ever you are asked to do because that is the only way you will achive 
the success of the transaction. 

We applogise on behalf of the President and the people of Nigeria for 
any dealy and lost this most have coursed you and promise that such 
thing will not happen again.And if you are dealing with any one of them 
regarding this payment we urge you to stop because you are taking a big 
risk and you never find your money any where  because your money is 
with the above named bank. 

Finally, we are expecting to hear from you today
Thanks for your good understanding while we wait for your urgent 
response to this mail. 

 

Yours sincerely, 

MRS. ROSEMARY ANI  












</body></html>