<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="danielibe@danielibe.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="GET BACK TO ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DANIEL IBE&quot; &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DANIEL IBE &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="danielibe@danielibe.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-10-11T00:59:45Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n.b" content="Your telephone and fax numbers are needed for easy communication." />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="danielibe234@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="danielibe234@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GET BACK TO ME" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="11 Oct 2005 00:59:46.0209 (UTC) FILETIME=[1295D110:01C5CDFF]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="REQUEST FOR URGENT CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP IN RESPECT OF" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[danielibe@danielibe.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DANIEL IBE&quot; &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DANIEL IBE &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DANIEL IBE&quot; &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DANIEL IBE &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-10-11T00:59:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-10-11T00:59:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="11 Oct 2005 00:59:46.0209 (UTC) FILETIME=[1295D110:01C5CDFF]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="danielibe@danielibe.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 10 20:59:55 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[danielibe@danielibe.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DANIEL IBE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DANIEL IBE&quot; &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DANIEL IBE &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1895" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DANIEL IBE &lt;danielibe@danielibe.com&gt;" />
<title>GET BACK TO ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>GET BACK TO ME
DR.DANIEL  IBE.
FEDERAL MINISTRY OF
PETROLEUM AND MINERAL
RESOURCES.
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA,
LAGOS, NIGERIA
WEST AFRICA.
ATTN:
PLEASE REPLY TO:danielibe234@yahoo.com
Dear Friend,
RE:REQUEST FOR URGENT CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP IN RESPECT OF
THE TRANSFER OF $25,500,000.00(TWENTY-FIVE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED AMERICAN
DOLLARS)INTO YOUR ACCOUNT.
I,on behalf of my other colleagues from different Federal Government of
Nigeria owned parastatals decided to solicit your assistance as regards
the transfer of the above stated amount into your bank account. This
fund arose from the overinvoicing of various contracts awarded in my
parastatal to certain foreign contractors sometime ago. We as holders of
sensitive positions in our various parastatal, were mandated by the federal 
government
to scrutinise all payments made to foreign contractors, and discovered
that some of the contracts they executed were grossly over invoiced, either
by omission or commission. Also, we discovered that the sum of
$33,000,000.00(thirty three million American dollars only) was lying in a 
suspense account,
although the foreign contractors were fully paid their entitlements after 
executing
the said contracts.We all agreed that the over-invoiced amount be
transferred into a bank account provided by a foreign partner, as the code 
of conduct of federal
civil service does not allow us to operate foreign accounts. However, we 
have
suceeded in transferring some of the monies, precisely US$7.5(Seven million
five Hundred American Dollars) into a foreign account in united State of
America,but unfortunately the provider of the account has severed all forms 
of
communication with us as he has refused to adhere to our earlier mutual 
agreement,
insisting that the total amount be paid into his nominated bank account 
before
disbursement will take effect.
We are therefore seeking your assistance based on the balance amount
US$25.5M which can be speedily processed and fully remitted into your 
nominated bank
account. On successful remittance of the funds into your account, you will
be compensated with 20% of of the amount for your assistance and services.
This transaction is closely knitted and in view of our sensitive positions
we cannot afford a slip.
I assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free.We will avail you with
our identities as regards our respective office when relationship is fully
established and smooth operation commences. I am at your disposition to
entertain any questions from you in respect of this transaction, so, contact
me immediately through the above email address for further information
on the requirements and procedure. Please note that this is a DEAL and
confidentiality is of very great importanceb for security reasons.
Please treat with strict confidenlity and utmost urgency.
N.B: Your telephone and fax numbers are needed for easy communication.
Best regards,
DR.Daniel Ibe.
CIVIL SERVANT
FEDERAL MINISTRY OF
PETROLEUM AND MINERAL
RESOURCES




</p>

</body></html>