<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REF" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;GBENGA ALUKO&quot; &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="GBENGA ALUKO &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gbealuko@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-04-25T23:24:47Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@S&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REF" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030425151503.BACD6C1F2@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;GBENGA ALUKO&quot; &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="GBENGA ALUKO &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;GBENGA ALUKO&quot; &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="GBENGA ALUKO &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-04-25T23:24:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-04-25T23:24:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Apr 25 11:15:34 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20030425151503.BACD6C1F2@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="GBENGA ALUKO" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;GBENGA ALUKO&quot; &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="GBENGA ALUKO &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-190" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="GBENGA ALUKO &lt;gbealuko@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030425151503.BACD6C1F2@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>REF</title>
</head>
<body><p>This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the
fact that we have not met.The message could be strange but real if you 
pay some attention to it.
Please accept my sincere apologies.In bringing this message of goodwill 
to you, I have to say that I have no intention of causing you any pains.

My name is SENATOR GBENGA ALUKO, the executive
Chairman Pension funds committee in the senate
of the federal Republic Of Nigeria. I am writing you 
to earnestly Solicit your assistance in helping to
receive some sum of money. I got your e-mail address on
the Internet while searching for a reliable and reputable
person to handle this transaction.

THE PROPOSITION: 
We have the sum of US$9,000,000.00 (Nine Million
Dollars) that we intend to transfer overseas through the assistance of
a foreign partner.This money came as a result of the 
unclaimed pension funds belonging to a British expatriate petroleum 
engineer with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation,Engr.John 
Bruno.
After all other pensioners have been paid their entitlements,
we deposited this unclaimed sum of US$9,000,000.00,with the Debt 
Reconciliation Committee. 

In a bid to make sure Engr.John Bruno gets his due,I sent a routine 
notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month,
we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, 
the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Engr.John Bruno died,
from an automobile accident.On further investigation, I found out that
he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of
kin was fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Engr.John Bruno did not declare any kin or relations in all his 
official documents.This sum of US$9,000,000.00 is still sitting in an
account of the Debt Reconciliation Committee and the interest is being 
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.No one will 
ever come forward to claim it. 
According to Nigerian Law,at the expiration of 2 (two) years,the money 
will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody 
applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner
to stand in as the next of kin to Engr.John Bruno so that the 
fruits of this old man's labour will not get into the hands of some 
corrupt government officials.This is simple, I will like you to provide
immediately your full names,address,telephone and fax numbers so 
that I can prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will 
put you in place as the next of kin to Engr Bruno.

Upon this,we would then obtain the letter of probate/administration in 
your favor from a Federal High Court.A bank account in any part of the 
world that you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money 
to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.
The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio 
of 65% for me and my partners,30% for you and 5% for any expences 
incured,during the course of this transaction.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will
be done at the high court and my position as the Chairman of the 
Committee guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.The 
fund shall be transferred to you legally in accordance to all laid down 
procedures governing transfer of funds.If you are interested, please reply 
immediately via my email address. 

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with
more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the 
transaction.Please observe utmost confidentiality,and rest assured 
that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because 
I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply via my email address.

Thanks and regards,

Sen.Gbenga Aluko





</p>

</body></html>