<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GREETINGS FROM REZA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-10-18T04:42:42Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GREETINGS FROM REZA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1ERjJC-0006rx-Pw@sskedu1-s2.sisaketedu1.go.th&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-10-18T04:42:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-10-18T04:42:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Oct 18 01:35:18 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1ERjJC-0006rx-Pw@sskedu1-s2.sisaketedu1.go.th&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mrrezaabdulla" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1906" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mrrezaabdulla &lt;mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1ERjJC-0006rx-Pw@sskedu1-s2.sisaketedu1.go.th&gt;" />
<title>GREETINGS FROM REZA</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Friend, 
 
As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe everyone will die someday. My name is MR. REZA ABDULLA , a merchant in Safat, in (Kuwait) I was married with two children. My wife and two children died in a car accident six years ago. I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer. It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have only about a few months to live, according to medical experts.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone (not even myself) but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never generous,I was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world.
I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has called me, I have willed and given most of my property and assetsto my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends. I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul.So I have decided to give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore. I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them. The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of Ten Million Seven Hundred Thousand American dollars (U.S.$10.700,000) that I have with a finance/Security Company abroad. I will
want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations. I have set
aside only 20 % for you and for your time and also 5% as miscellaneous expenses. Reply me at your earliest convenience for more directives to my private email address: mr4rezaabdulla@walla.com
 
 
God be with you.
Regards,
MR. REZA ABDULLA


___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at PHP-Nuke Powered Site
- http://yoursite.com


</p>

</body></html>