<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jokel@interlog.com, wright.momentum@sympatico.ca, Do You Yahoo!? La mejor conexión a Internet y 2GB extra a tu correo por $100 al mes. http://net.yahoo.com.mx" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jokel@interlog.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="wright.momentum@sympatico.ca" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="Resources-JobApps@gov.ns.ca" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="winkela@UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="info@TOCircusFestival.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mail@sitr.ca" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="info@beerfestival.ca" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="intern@thedistillerydistrict.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="somethingsafoot@rogers.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jokel@interlog.com, wright.momentum@sympatico.ca, Do You Yahoo!? La mejor conexión a Internet y 2GB extra a tu correo por $100 al mes. http://net.yahoo.com.mx" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1435280904-1130723805=:68371" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20051031015645.70941.qmail@web35905.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa " />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;div&gt;&lt;br&gt;from" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son.&lt;BR&gt;Refugee Camp,Abidjan&lt;BR&gt;Republic of Cote D'Ivoire,&lt;BR&gt;West Africa.&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=Z74MJIAjUUwIFrDtSToLXRFSI+oRU8T2mVEmpoptc+VIT9gJdtuvnupCe/hFFL21yjcrnuQGCZs2UYx2/oWvwZ41aGYEO+IgJLWsFfb0x+mNe3kDX1YNNGaeQS/hS+tLNkMUk0kdFt9Uv7SAjxdlHY3DQJqBCb/OFbhfr2HXKzI=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20051031015645.70941.qmail@web35905.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; intern@thedistillerydistrict.com, somethingsafoot@rogers.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son." />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=Z74MJIAjUUwIFrDtSToLXRFSI+oRU8T2mVEmpoptc+VIT9gJdtuvnupCe/hFFL21yjcrnuQGCZs2UYx2/oWvwZ41aGYEO+IgJLWsFfb0x+mNe3kDX1YNNGaeQS/hS+tLNkMUk0kdFt9Uv7SAjxdlHY3DQJqBCb/OFbhfr2HXKzI=  ; info@TOCircusFestival.com, mail@sitr.ca, info@beerfestival.ca," />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;vivian_karefa01@yahoo.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1435280904-1130723805=" content="68371" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1435280904-1130723805=" content="68371" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1435280904-1130723805=" content="68371--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Oct 30 20:56:57 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;vivian_karefa01@yahoo.com.mx&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Resources-JobApps@gov.ns.ca, winkela@UM, R@M, &lt;hr size=1&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son." />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1922" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20051031015645.70941.qmail@web35905.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; intern@thedistillerydistrict.com, somethingsafoot@rogers.com" />
<title>Mrs.Vivian Karefa </title>
</head>
<body>From:Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son.
Refugee Camp,Abidjan
Republic of Cote D'Ivoire,
West Africa.

Dear ,

Greetings to you,Please permit me to inform you of my
desire of going into business relationship with you,which
will be of a mutual benefits between both of us.

I am Mrs.Vivian Karefa,the widow of Late General John
Karefa,the former Director of military inteligence and
special acting General Manager of the Sierra-Leone Diamond
mining co-operation(SLDMC).I am contacting you to seek
your
good assistance to transfer and invest the sum of US$8.5
million (Eight Million Five hundred thousand United States
Dollars)
belonging to my late Husband which is deposited in a
fixe suspence account in a bank here in Abidjan,the
capital
city of Ivory Coast in West Africa.

This money was revenues from solid minerals and diamonds
sales which were under my husband's possession before the
civil war broke out.Following the break out of the
war,almost all government offices,co-operations and
parastatals were attacked and vandalized.

The SLDMC was looted and burnt down to ashes,and
diamonds worth millions of dollars was stolen by the
rebels millitary forces who attacked my husband office.
Many top government officials and senior army officers
were
assasinated and my husband was a key target because of his
very sensitive military possition and appointment in the
SLDMC.

Regretably,my husband was abducted and got his two
hands amputated by the brutal R.U.F rebels(Revolutionary
United Front)during their mid-night shoot-out in our
official residence in freetown,our capital city.

Before the death of my husband in the hospital,he told me
that should incase he did not survived that he deposited
some money which he made from diamond sales and contracts
in a bankhere in Ivory Coast and that we should pray and
find a
trust worthy foreign business partner who would help us to
transfer and invest this money in profitable business
venture overseas.

He told me to do this quickly so that I can leave Ivory
Coast with my only son who is here with me in the refugee
camp and then settle down abroad.He told me where the bank
document to prove the deposit is kept in our house.

I have gone to the bank to make inquiries about this
money and I spoke with the Manager of the International
remittance who assured me that everything is intact
and promised to help me transfer this money to my
foreign partners bank account as soon as I provide my
partners foreign bank account for them.However,the
manager is very concerned because of our situation here.

If you are willing to assist me,please let me know
immediately you received this mail so that you will
arrange
the transfer of the money to your account with the
bank.Please
note that I can offer you 15% of the total sum after
the money has been transfered into your account.

I am interested in any profitable commercial venture which
you consider very good in your country.Please for security
reason,I humbly beg you to keep this transaction very
confidencial.

Please there is urgent need for the money to be
transferred to your account because of the political
crisis here in Cote d'Ivoire now.I am hoping to hear your
urgent response soonest for more clearification.

Thank you and may God richly bless you and your Dear
family.

Mrs.Vivian Karefa and son
<p>
		</p>


  
Do You Yahoo!? 
La mejor conexión a Internet y 2GB extra a tu correo por $100 al mes. <a shape="rect" href="http://net.yahoo.com.mx">http://net.yahoo.com.mx</a> 
</body></html>