<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[193.220.26.102]" />
<meta name="subject" content="HELLO" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt; Yours," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru] &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-03T09:46:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="daniezphilip@justice.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;koi8-r&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="daniez_philips@pochta.ru Mr.Daniez Philip" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="daniez_philips@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="daniez_philips@pochta.ru Mr.Daniez Philip" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELLO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	(envelope-from daniezphilip@justice.com)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200511030946.jA39kpED051100@www1.pochta.ru&gt; (2) Your Private Telephone/fax Number." />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt; Yours," />
<meta name="creator" content="DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru] &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;koi8-r&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt; Yours," />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru] &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-03T09:46:51Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;koi8-r&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Dear Sir/M," />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-03T09:46:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Free mail service Pochta.ru; WebMail Client; Account: daniez_philips@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Nov  3 04:51:35 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt; (envelope-from daniezphilip@justice.com) I am Mr.Daniez  Philip. a consulting auditor of a Bank in West" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200511030946.jA39kpED051100@www1.pochta.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DANIEZ PHILIPS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt; Yours," />
<meta name="Author" content="DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru] &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[193.220.26.102]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Free mail service Pochta.ru; WebMail Client; Account: daniez_philips@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1931" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DANIEZ PHILIPS [daniez_philips@pochta.ru] &lt;daniezphilip@justice.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200511030946.jA39kpED051100@www1.pochta.ru&gt; (2) Your Private Telephone/fax Number." />
<title>HELLO</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN:
 Dear Sir/M,
 I am Mr.Daniez  Philip. a consulting auditor of a Bank in West 
Africa in west africa. I have the courage to Crave indulgence for 
this important business believing that you will never let me down 
either now or in the future. Some years ago, an American Mining 
consultant/ contractor with the Nigeria National Petroleum 
Corporation,made a numbered time (fixed)deposit for twelve calendar 
months, valued $42M.USD (FORTY TWO MILLION US DOLLARS) in an account. 
On maturity, The bank sent a routine notification to his forwarding 
address but got no reply. After a month, The bank sent another 
reminder and finally his contract employers, the Nigerian National 
Petroleum Corporation wrote to inform the bank that he died without 
MAKING A WILL, and all attempts by the American Embassy to trace his 
next of kin was fruitless. I therefore, made further investigation 
and discovered that the beneficiary was an immigrant from Jamaica and 
only recently obtained American citizenship. He did not declare any 
kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank 
deposit paper work. This money total amount$42M.USD ( FORTY TWO 
MILLION US DOLLARS)is still sitting in my bank as dormant Account. No 
one will ever come forward to claim it, and according to Nigerian 
Banking policy, after some years, the money will revert to the 
ownership of the Nigerian Government if the account owner is 
certified dead. This is the situation, and my proposal is that I am 
looking for a foreigner who will stand in as the next of kin to 
beneficiary, and OPEN a Bank Account abroad to facilitate the 
transfer of this money. This is simple, all you have to do is to OPEN 
an account anywhere in the world and send me its detail for me to 
arrange the proper money transfer paperwork, and facilitate the 
transfer.The money will then be paid into this Account for us to 
share in the ratio of 60% for me, 35 % for you and 5% for expenses 
that might come up during transfer process. There is no risk at all, 
and all the paper work for this transaction will be done by me using 
my position and connections in the banks in Nigeria. This business 
transaction is guaranteed.And the first phase of the transfer will be 
($4M.USD) FOUR MILLION DOLLARS as advised by our insider in the 
bank.If you are interested, please reply immediately through my 
personal email sending the following details:
 (1) Your Full Name/Address
 (2) Your Private Telephone/fax Number. 
Please observe the utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that 
this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I 
shall require your assistance to invest some of my share in your 
country. I look forward to your earliest reply.

 Yours,
 Mr.Daniez Philip


</p>

</body></html>