<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="jacobuderike@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent reply needed. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Jacob Uderike&quot; &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jacob Uderike &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jacobuderike@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-04T16:32:42Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F412BAFF4BB23B02C3B162C1600@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent reply needed. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="04 Nov 2005 16:32:42.0386 (UTC) FILETIME=[60E69720:01C5E15D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Fri, 4 Nov 2005 08:32:42 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F412BAFF4BB23B02C3B162C1600@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[jacobuderike@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Jacob Uderike&quot; &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Jacob Uderike &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Jacob Uderike&quot; &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jacob Uderike &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-04T16:32:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-04T16:32:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="04 Nov 2005 16:32:42.0386 (UTC) FILETIME=[60E69720:01C5E15D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="jacobuderike@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov  4 11:32:48 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[jacobuderike@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt; Fri, 4 Nov 2005 08:32:42 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Jacob Uderike" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Jacob Uderike&quot; &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Jacob Uderike &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1934" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Jacob Uderike &lt;jacobuderike@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F412BAFF4BB23B02C3B162C1600@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Urgent reply needed. </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear :sir

I am Mr.JACOB UDERIKE, an accountant of the standard trust
bank Plc,Lagos Branch.I have urgent and very
confidential business proposal for you. I got your
contact from the world trade center (W.T.C.)regional
office in Lagos,Nigeria although the details of my
intention was not made known to them.

On June 6 1999, An American oil consultant/contractor
with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation,
Mr.Trevor made a numbered time (fixed) deposited for
twelve calendar valued atUS$18,000,000.00(eighteen
Million Dorllars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent
a routine notification to his forwarding address but
got no reply. After a month, I sent a reminder and
finally I discovered from his contact employers
Nigerian National Petroleum corporation that Mr.Trevor
died from an automobile accident. On further
investigation, I found out that he did not leave a
WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were
fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr.Trevor did not declare any next of kin in all
his official documents,including his Bank Deposit
paperwork. This sum of US$18,000,000.00 is still
sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled
over with the principal sum at the end of each year.No
one will come forward to claim it.According to the
Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 6(six) years, the
money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian
Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr.Trevor
so that the fruits of this old mans labor will not get
into the hands of some corrupt government officials.

This is simple;

1. I will like you to provide me immediately with your
full names and address so that the attorney will
prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which
will put you in place as the next of kin.

2,your privet telephone and fax number for rasy
communication The money will be paid into your account
for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 30% for
you and 10% for the expencis that we are going to make
both local and international during this process
ofthis transacation.

There is no risk at all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the attorney and my
position as the Branch accountant guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction. If you
are interested, please reply immediately via the
private email address below.
(jacobuderike@yahoo.com)
Upon your response, I
shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest
assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because I shall require your assistance
to invest my share in your country.

Thanks and regards.

Mr.JACOB UDERIKE




</p>

</body></html>