<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="In Good Faith" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="The Desk of Gordon Blackwell" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Gordon Blackwell &lt;gblacwell@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-occupation" content="" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gblacwell@walla.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-04T21:54:16Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="In Good Faith" />
<meta name="MboxParser-nb" content="Reply me using my private mail address: gblacwell@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="YOUR ASSISTANCE IS NEEDED IN ACTUALIZING THIS GOAL " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20051104215416.277AE39877A@p15112384.pureserver.info&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="The Desk of Gordon Blackwell" />
<meta name="creator" content="Gordon Blackwell &lt;gblacwell@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="The Desk of Gordon Blackwell" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Gordon Blackwell &lt;gblacwell@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-04T21:54:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-04T21:54:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;wwwrun@p15112384.pureserver.info&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov  4 16:56:31 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;wwwrun@p15112384.pureserver.info&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20051104215416.277AE39877A@p15112384.pureserver.info&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Gordon Blackwell" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="The Desk of Gordon Blackwell" />
<meta name="Author" content="Gordon Blackwell &lt;gblacwell@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="RLSP Mailer" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1935" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Gordon Blackwell &lt;gblacwell@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20051104215416.277AE39877A@p15112384.pureserver.info&gt;" />
<title>In Good Faith</title>
</head>
<body><p>
From: The Desk of Gordon Blackwell
Amsterdam-Netherlands 
PRIVATE E-MAIL: gblacwell@walla.com

RE: YOUR ASSISTANCE IS NEEDED IN ACTUALIZING THIS GOAL 


Let me start by introducing myself to you, I am Gordon Blackwell,I got your contact during my private search in the Internet and I want to believe that you will be very honest, committed and capable of assisting in this business venture. 

Firstly, let me explain the source of this funds and what you are expected to do. A foreigner and an oil merchant/contractor with the government of Netherlands, until his death, over some years ago, was a victim of Kenya airway: bus (a310-300) flight kq430 plane crash. 

The deceased, banked with us and has a closing balance as at July 2001 worth $4.5m (Four million Five Hundred Thousand United States dollars). Which My bank, now expects a next-of-kin to claim as the beneficiary of the funds, efforts has been made by my Bank to get in touch with the The deceased's Family or relative but to no avail. 

Based on the perceived possibility of not being able to locate The deceased's Family or relative and next-of-kin, the management under the influence of our chairman and the board of directors are making arrangements for the funds to be declared unclaimed and channeled to an unknown account. It is based on this that I have contacted you to stand as the next-of-kin of The deceased or relative so that the funds, will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary /next-of-kin to the deceased. 

All documents, and proof to enable you get the funds have been carefully worked out as I have secured from the different offices concerned for the smooth transfer of the fund to your nominated account. It has been agreed that the owner of the account will be compensated with 30% of the remitted funds.
 
If this proposal satisfies you, please reach me either by mail or phone: +31 64 920 8093, for more clarification about how this will be done. 

And also provide me the following information:

NAMES IN FULL:
CONTACT ADDRESS:
TEL:
FAX:
OCCUPATION:

NB: Reply me using my private mail address: gblacwell@walla.com
Yours faithfully, 

Gordon Blackwell
+31 64 920 8093 
AMSTERDAM-NETHERLANDS. 

___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at PHP-Nuke Powered Site
- http://yoursite.com


</p>

</body></html>