<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[62.17.242.2]" />
<meta name="subject" content="US$10,000,000 (United States Ten Million Dollars) Investment." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;grace abba-gana&quot; &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="grace abba-gana &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gabbagana@albawaba.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-04-30T17:32:42Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="gabbagana@albawaba.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="gabbagana@albawaba.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="gabbagana@albawaba.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;grace abba-gana&quot; &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="25f2baccada04cfb13b6cd9831caf084-Boundary" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;grace abba-gana&quot; &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="US$10,000,000 (United States Ten Million Dollars) Investment." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200304301744.h3UHiGw23211@www.albawaba.com&gt; charset=windows-1256" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;grace abba-gana&quot; &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="grace abba-gana &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;grace abba-gana&quot; &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="grace abba-gana &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-04-30T17:32:42Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-04-30T17:32:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Webmail Client @ albawaba.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Apr 30 13:45:24 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt; boundary=&quot;25f2baccada04cfb13b6cd9831caf084-Boundary&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200304301744.h3UHiGw23211@www.albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="grace abba-gana" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;grace abba-gana&quot; &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="grace abba-gana &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[62.17.242.2]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Webmail Client @ albawaba.com" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-194" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="grace abba-gana &lt;gabbagana@albawaba.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200304301744.h3UHiGw23211@www.albawaba.com&gt; charset=windows-1256" />
<title>US$10,000,000 (United States Ten Million Dollars) Investment.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear sir ,

I am Mrs. Mrs. Grace Abba-Ganna, personal accountant to Late Chief Bola 
Ige(SAN) the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of 
Justice, who wasrecently assassinated at his country home on the 23rd 
December, 2001 by assassins (May his gentle soul rest in peace) Amen.

Before his death,he entrusted a certificate of deposit valued 
US$10,000,000 (United States Ten Million Dollars), with a security company in 
Europe.He told me that this money was deposited for him by the Former 
Military Head of State Rtd. General Ibrahim Babangida to protect his 
interest not to appear at the Oputa panel for re-conciliation and human 
rights violation investigation commission headed by Rtd. Justice Chukwudife 
Oputa.

My reason of contacting you is for both of us to join heads and hands
together to make claim over the US$10,000,000, as this money was
deposited on my favour at the security company as instructed by the 
late Attorney General, to avoid trace of his name over accepting such gift 
or offer.

His intention before his death was to contact a foreign partner who is
trust worthy, capable of handling such huge amount of money and also
operate a foreign account where the money will be deposited or paid
into waiting for his retirement. The reason is because our country law
states that civil servants are not entitled to operate foreign 
accounts.

As it is now, with your full co-operation both of us can make claim
over the US$10,000,000, what is expected of you is:

(a) Your full name and address 
(b) Your phone and fax number
(c) Your International Passport or Drivers license and your readiness
to appear at the security company to sign off the money to your
personal account.

As soon as I confirm your interest, I will forward to you the
certificate of deposit, power of attorney/transfer which will give you 
legal backing to make claim over the money at the security company. I 
will also forward to you the contact particulars of the Security Company 
and letter of agreement between both of us over the security of my fund 
that will be in your custody.

For accepting to help out 30% of the US$10,000,000 will be for you, 60%
for me and 10% set aside for re-imbursement of expenses incurred by
both
parties during the transaction.

Awaiting your urgent response.

Regards,

Mrs. Grace Abba-Ganna

alternate email gabbagana@yahoo.com 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This E-mail was sent through Albawaba E-mail. Get your own at mail.albawaba.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This E-mail was sent through Albawaba E-mail. Get your own at mail.albawaba.com
</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>