<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="willico_110_2001@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="family in need of  assistance" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Ahmed Williams" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="willico willico &lt;willico_110_2001@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//toolbar.msn.co.za?DI=1054&amp;XAPID=2083" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="0027-72-5870-437" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="willico_110_2001@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-05T22:04:50Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="family in need of  assistance" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="05 Nov 2005 22:04:50.0887 (UTC) FILETIME=[F1A04570:01C5E254]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[willico_110_2001@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="Ahmed Williams" />
<meta name="creator" content="willico willico &lt;willico_110_2001@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Ahmed Williams" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="willico willico &lt;willico_110_2001@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-05T22:04:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-05T22:04:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;unix.admins-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="SIR," />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="05 Nov 2005 22:04:50.0887 (UTC) FILETIME=[F1A04570:01C5E254]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="willico_110_2001@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Nov  5 17:11:18 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[willico_110_2001@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;unix.admins-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="willico willico" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Ahmed Williams" />
<meta name="Author" content="willico willico &lt;willico_110_2001@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1938" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="willico willico &lt;willico_110_2001@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>family in need of  assistance</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Ahmed Williams
Tel: 0027-72-5870-437

ATTN: SIR,

PRIVATE AND HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL

Greeting! I know you will be surprised to read from
me, but please this letter is a request from a family
in dire need of assistance. I am Mr. Ahmed Williams
from Angola. The first and the only son of Brigadier
Chanza Williams communicating to you from
Johannesburg, South Africa.

I got your address from a business directory in
Johannesburg Chamber of Commerce and Industry. And,
I, on behalf of my widowed mother Mrs. Bridget
Williams decided to solicit for your assistance to
transfer the sum of US$35.8 Million (Thirty-five
Million Eight Hundred Thousand United States Dollars),
which he deposited in a safe box to private security
company in Johannesburg, South Africa.

In fact, my father said, and I quote: ?My son, I wish
to draw your attention to US$35.8 Million (Thirty-five
Million Eight Hundred Thousand United States Dollars).
I deposited the box containing the fund in a security
company in Johannesburg, South Africa as valuables.
During the war, I was very committed and dedicated in
winning the war against the rebels, until I found out
that the senior army officers and government
functionaries were busy helping themselves with
government funds and properties, sending them to
foreign countries. Due to this, when the former
adviser to the president and I were assigned by the
president (JOSE EDUARDO SANTOS) to purchase arms in
South Africa, we saw this as a golden opportunity and
diverted the money and share it, of which I got a
total sum of US$35.8 Million (Thirty-five Million
Eight Hundred Thousand United States Dollars). In
case of my absence on earth as a result of death, only
you should solicit for assistance of a reliable and
sincere foreign partner to assist you to transfer this
money out of South Africa for investment purpose. I
deposited the box in your name and you can claim it
alone with deposited code. Your mother is with all
the documents. Take good care of your mother and your
sisters.

&gt;From this words of my late father, you can understand
that life and future of my family depend on this fund,
as such I will be grateful if you can assist us. We
are now living in South Africa as political asylum
seekers. Financial laws and regulations of the
Republic of South Africa do not permit us certain
financial rights. In view of this, I cannot invest
this fund in South Africa hence; I am seeking your
assistance to transfer this fund out of South Africa
for investment purpose. For your assistance, we are
prepared to offer you 20% of the total fund while 10%
will be set aside for any expenses incurred during
this transaction.

Please note that this transaction is 100% risk-free
and the major thing I demand from you is to assure me
the safety of this money when it finally gets to you.
Further information and arrangement commence as soon
as trust confidence and good relationship are
established. I shall be most grateful if you maintain
the confidentiality of this matter. Please, confirm
your interest through the above contact Telephone
number and send me a mail on :hammedwilliams2005@gmail.com .

Best regards,
AHMED WILLIAMS
For the family.

_________________________________________________________________
We've overhauled MSN Search Toolbar - FREE download! 
http://toolbar.msn.co.za?DI=1054&amp;XAPID=2083



</p>

</body></html>