<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="My Dearest One," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Miss Linda Dickson&quot; &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Miss Linda Dickson &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-06T14:09:53Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="linda2dickson@yahoo.co.nz" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="linda2dickson@yahoo.co.nz" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="My Dearest One," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200511081611.jA8GBUFa032306@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Miss Linda Dickson&quot; &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Miss Linda Dickson &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Miss Linda Dickson&quot; &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Miss Linda Dickson &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-06T14:09:53Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-06T14:09:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov  8 11:11:31 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200511081611.jA8GBUFa032306@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Miss Linda Dickson" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Miss Linda Dickson&quot; &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Miss Linda Dickson &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1941" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Miss Linda Dickson &lt;Linda-2Dickson@yahoo.co.nz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200511081611.jA8GBUFa032306@flawless.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>My Dearest One,</title>
</head>
<body><p>


My Dearest One,
How are you over there?. As for me,i am fine here in
Daker
Senegal. My name is Miss linda dickson, from Liberia
in west Africa presently
residing in the church camp here in Dakar due to the
civil war going on in
my country. My late father Dr Patrick dickson, was the
personal advicer to the
former head of state before the rebels attacked my
house one early morning
killing my mother and my father. It is only my brother
and me that is alive
now and we managed to make our way to near by country
Senegal where we are
living now. I would like to know more about you. Your
likes and
dislikes,your hobbies and what you are doing
presently. I will tell you more
about myself in my next mail. I attach here my picture
for you, though i am
not all that photogenic.
What we need to know about loving is no great mystery.
We all know what
constitutes loving behavior; we need but act upon it,
not continually
question it. Over-analysis often confuses the issue
and in the end brings us
no closer to insight. We sometimes become too busy
classifying, separating,
and examining, to remember that love is easy. It's we
who make it
complicated. Nevertheless,In the church camp were i
leaved.my pastor take
good care of me and my brother,most time is the Rev
that give me money to
come to internet to look for someone that we help me
and my younger
brother.but i pray to god to give him more
wisdom,understanding and god
should strencthing him in all his endavore.I m'not
looking for a very rich
man,but someone who care take good of a woman and
someone who have better
understanding,who can bring a home togerther as one.i
love my younger
brother so much,because before the dead of my late
mother.i promise my mum
that am going to take good care of my only brother and
nothing will break
us. There is something that my late father left in my
possition before died.
2.6 million dollars in a security bank in europe, i
promised him that i will
take care of it.ontil i have a man i will spend my
life time with.From every
human being there rises a light that reaches straight
to heaven. And when
two souls that are destined to be together find each
other, their streams of
light flow together, and a single brighter light goes
forth from their
united being. Moreover,the man that love me will like
my brother the way he
love me.because that is the only happiness that i have
now.
It is the things in common that make relationships
enjoyable, but it is the
little differences that make them interesting. you can
call me in our church
phone number 221525-87-24 the name of the Rev in
godwin,tell him. you what
to speak with Violet.the days we can answer call
are,tusday and friday time
2.pm til 6pm.But before you call me, try and send me
mail so that i can go
and wait for your call
i will tell you more in my next mail for your better
understanding,i pray
that God should gurd you and give you more
blessing.Because the fear of God
is the begining of wisdom.I 'm a good believed,i
always pray to God to give
me husband who will take me and my younger brother at
off this mess.I have
be passing some hard time all this while,but i thank
God that i'm stil
alive.someone need to pass some hard life to know are
life is all about.But
i believe that God is going to take me at off this
sorrow stress of mind
oneday What about you? tell me little about your self
and your family
what you hate in a woman and what you like in a woman?
looking forward to hear from you have a wonderful day.
Linda Dickson





</p>

</body></html>