<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="agile-scott@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="ATTN:Respond Urgently !" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR Scott Reed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Scott Reed &lt;agile-scott@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/07/20/kenya.crash/index.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="agile-scott@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-09T12:16:08Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="mrscottreed@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ATTN:Respond Urgently !" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="09 Nov 2005 12:16:09.0226 (UTC) FILETIME=[5DED86A0:01C5E527]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[agile-scott@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR Scott Reed" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Scott Reed &lt;agile-scott@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR Scott Reed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Scott Reed &lt;agile-scott@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-09T12:16:08Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 2.) Your private / official telephone and fax number." />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-09T12:16:08Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;agile-scott@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="09 Nov 2005 12:16:09.0226 (UTC) FILETIME=[5DED86A0:01C5E527]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="agile-scott@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov  9 07:16:17 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[agile-scott@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;agile-scott@hotmail.com&gt; 1.) Your full name and address." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Scott Reed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR Scott Reed" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Scott Reed &lt;agile-scott@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1943" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Scott Reed &lt;agile-scott@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>ATTN:Respond Urgently !</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MR Scott Reed

Dear Sir/Madam,

I know this email will reach you as a surprise,but need not to
worry as i am using the only secured and confidential medium
available to seek for foreign assistance in a business transaction.

I am Mr. Scott Reed from the BANK OF AFRICA. PLC,COTONOU-REPUBLIC
OF BENIN.Branch.This business request may seem strange, but I crave
your indulgence and pray you view it seriously as I am convinced
that you would be capable to provide me with a solution to a money
transfer.

On August, 2002, a retired Atlanta physician Mr George Brumley Jr
made a numbered  time (fixed) deposit for twelve calendar months,
valued at nine million pound sterlin(£9.000,000) in my branch
upon maturity. I sent a routine notification to his forwarding
address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and
finally we discovered from his contract employers, that the Atlanta
physician Mr George Brumley Jr and his family died in the plane
crash On july ,2003.See site below for confirmation of the death.
May there Gentle soul rest in peace.

http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/07/20/kenya.crash/index.html

On further investigation, I found out that he died alongside with
his next of kin and attempts to trace his further next of kin were
fruitless.

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting
his extended next of kin (family members)to come over and claim his
money because we cannot release it unless some body applies for it
as next of kin or relation to the  deceased as indicated in our
banking guidlines and laws but unfortunately  we learnt that all his
supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. This sum of
£9.000,000 and the interest is being rolled over with the principal
sum at the end of each year . If no one ever come forward to claim it
according to African law, at the expiration of (four)years,the money
will revert to the ownership of the Benin Government if nobody applies
to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal to you is that I will like you to stand as
the next of kin to Mr George Brumley Jr and claim this funds so that
the fruit of the old man's labor will not get into the hands of some
corrupt Government officials. This is simple, I will like you to
provide immediately your full name and address so that i can apply for
an Attorney on your behalf who will prepare the necessary documents and
affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin.We shall
employ the service of a probate attorney for the drafting and
notarization of the Will and obtain the necessary documents and letter
of probate administration in your favour for the transfer. Any bank
account in any part of the world which you will provide will then
facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of
kin.The money will be paid into your account for us to share in ratio
of  40% for me and 40% for you and 10% will be set aside for expenses
incured during the process while the other 10% will be given to charity
organisation.There is no risk at all;the paperwork for this transaction
will be done by the attorney and my position as the banks branch Bills
and Exchange Manager guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction.

If you are interested, please reply immediately via my private email
address below .Upon your response,I shall provide you with more details
and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall
require your assistance to invest my share in your country.
Please upon the receipt of this mail message, send to me the following
to enable me start the processing of the fund transfer:
  1.) Your full name and address.
  2.) Your private / official telephone and fax number.
Awaiting your positive response via my private email:mrscottreed@walla.com
or you can call me on my private telephone number:+22995713752 .

Thanks and God bless,
MR SCOTT REED
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT:
BANK OF AFRICA PLC.
COTONOU-BENIN.Branch.
Email:mrscottreed@walla.com




</p>

</body></html>