<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[196.1.179.58]" />
<meta name="subject" content="Greeting  from henry." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru] &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.nativefederation.org/history/people/mThompson.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-16T12:20:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="hen_okoye7@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="henryokoye1@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="henryokoye1@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;koi8-r&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="henryokoye1@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Greeting  from henry." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	(envelope-from hen_okoye7@myway.com)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200511161220.jAGCKBUI023484@www4.pochta.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru] &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;koi8-r&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru] &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-16T12:20:11Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;koi8-r&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-16T12:20:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Free mail service Pochta.ru; WebMail Client; Account: henryokoye1@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 16 07:33:50 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; (envelope-from hen_okoye7@myway.com)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200511161220.jAGCKBUI023484@www4.pochta.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Henry Okoye" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru]&quot; &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru] &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[196.1.179.58]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Free mail service Pochta.ru; WebMail Client; Account: henryokoye1@pochta.ru" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1959" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Henry Okoye [henryokoye1@pochta.ru] &lt;hen_okoye7@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200511161220.jAGCKBUI023484@www4.pochta.ru&gt;" />
<title>Greeting  from henry.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,

Greetings, I am Mr.Henry Okoye the Account Manager of Late Mr.  Morris 
Thompson in Standard Trust Bank Regional Office in Victoria island, here 
in Lagos.However I got your contact through the International web 
directory.I decided to contact you by email because I feel that it is 
more secured and private.

Recently we discovered a Dormant Account with a huge amount of Money 
Valued USD35,000,000.00 (Thirty Five Million Dollars only)that belongs to 
one of our late Customer who died in a plane crash .During our 
investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came across a very 
huge sum of money belonging to Late Mr.  Morris Thompson an American 
great  industrialist and a resident of Alaska, who  unfortunately lost 
his life in the plane  crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 which crashed 
on January 31  2000,including his wife and only daughter. 

You shall read more news about the crash on  visiting this site which I 
got during my  investigation;
http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/
and
http://www.nativefederation.org/history/people/mThompson.html


The fund has been dormant in his account With this Bank without any claim 
of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our 
discovery of this development.

The Banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for 
five years, it will be for feited no the Bank treasury as an unclaimed 
bill.It is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and It is 
upon this discovery that I decided to contact you to collaborate with you 
to pull out this dormant fund. In order to avert this negative 
development, I on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your 
permission to have you stand in as next of kin to Our late Customer so 
that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the 
beneficiary.s next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of 
kin or relative of the deceased ,Late Mr.  Morris Thompson.

In fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in 
this country as civil servants, we are not allowed to operate a foreign 
account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on our side during 
the time of transfer since we still work in this bank,this is the actual 
reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us 
forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing 
bank account or to set up a new Bank a/c immediately
to receive this fund, even an empty a/c can also serve for this purpose.

On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 40% as 
gratification for your assisting us, and the remaining 60% will be for me 
and my partners.

What I want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin. I 
have in my possession, all the necessary Documents to successfully 
accomplish the operation. Bear in mind that this proposal is 100% risk 
free.

Further Information will be given to you as soon as I receive your 
positive response. I suggest you get back to me as soon as possible 
stating your wish. Find in the attachment of my Family Picture, to proof 
who I am.

I await your Urgent Responce, 

Regrads,

Mr.Henry Okoye



</p>

</body></html>