<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[192.116.119.7] person that will not sit on my fund when it get into" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-01T10:04:12Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;astrada@kukamail.com&quot; &lt;astrada@kukamail.com&gt; the money as I assumed you 100% risk free business" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="astrada@kukamail.com &lt;astrada@kukamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="astrada@kukamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="NextPart_1F44-012A-0075-3ECA-22DD-0961-" />
<meta name="MboxParser-:email:luisa_2003@myself.com&quot;&gt;email" content="luisa_2003@myself.com&lt;/A&gt;&lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable MRS LUISA ASTRADA" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305011004.h41A4CQ08070@wm-smtp1.entergroup.com&gt; I wish to give you 20% out of the total sum if" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-01T10:04:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-01T10:04:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;astrada@kukamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-visit" content="http://www.entergroup.com today!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-visit" content="&lt;A target=3D&quot;_blank&quot; href=3D&quot;http://www.entergroup.com&quot;&gt;http://ww=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May  1 06:04:48 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;astrada@kukamail.com&gt; boundary=&quot;NextPart_1F44-012A-0075-3ECA-22DD-0961-&quot; venture." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305011004.h41A4CQ08070@wm-smtp1.entergroup.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 transaction I am trusting you as a God fearing" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[192.116.119.7]" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="MboxParser-.com&quot;&gt;http" content="//www.kukamail.com&lt;/A&gt;&lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-197" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305011004.h41A4CQ08070@wm-smtp1.entergroup.com&gt; I wish to give you 20% out of the total sum if" />
<title></title>
</head>
<body>
My Dear, 

 

I got your  contact address through  

internet browsing in my search for a reliable and 

trustworthy person who will assist me in a business investment 

venture in your country I am MRS. CEDIA D. ASTRADA 

the wife of MR.JOSEPH ASTRADA the former president of 

Philliphine located in the Southeast Asia. 

My husband was recently impeached from office by 

a backed uprising of mass demostration and the senate parliament. 

The present government has enforced my husband out of office 

for Manila to avoid demonstration by his supporters. 

During my husband regime as president of Phillipine I realised millions 

of dollars from various projects I executed successfully I had plans 

to &gt; invest this money for future on real estate and industrial production. 

My husband is not aware of this because I wish to do it secretly  

now. Before my husband was impeached from office 

I  secretly deposited this money valued at about $30 millon us dollar 

with a security that deals with transhipment of value googs through a 

diplomatic courier services to the adhoc offices. The consignment or 

boxes I declared owned by my foreign business partner. 

 I wish to give you 20% out of the total sum if 

 You will be willing to assist me claim money and invest 

 the money as I assumed you 100% risk free business 

 transaction I am trusting you as a God fearing 

 person that will not sit on my fund when it get into 

 your account but rather assist me in this business 

 venture. 

  

 This business demands absolute secrecy and confidentiality as such it's 

my considered opinion that all correspondence shall be via email because 

my lines are connected to the philliphine telecommunication network services. 

 

 I will furnish you with more details (documents)  

 when I receive your positive response wishing you a long lasting business 

relationship. 

  

 Thanks. 

  

 MRS LUISA ASTRADA 

 

PLS SEND YOUR RESPONSE TO MY PRIVATE <a shape="rect" href="mailto:EMAIL:luisa_2003@myself.com">EMAIL:luisa_2003@myself.com</a>

___________________________________________________________

Kukamail.com - Free Email for the World!

Open your account here: <a shape="rect" href="http://www.kukamail.com">http://www.kukamail.com</a>



___________________________________________________________

SPONSOR MESSAGE: 

Get Email @YOURFAMILY, @YOURBUSINESS, or @YOURDOMAIN

Visit: <a shape="rect" href="http://www.entergroup.com">http://www.entergroup.com</a> today!



</body></html>