<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="AN ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS&quot; &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-21T03:45:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="barristerfred_briggs@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="barristerfred_briggs@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="AN ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="21 Nov 2005 03:45:18.0579 (UTC) FILETIME=[FDACF430:01C5EE4D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS&quot; &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS&quot; &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-21T03:45:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-21T03:45:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="21 Nov 2005 03:45:18.0579 (UTC) FILETIME=[FDACF430:01C5EE4D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Nov 20 22:45:31 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS&quot; &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1970" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="BARRISTER FRED BRIGGS &lt;barristerfredbriggs1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>AN ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,

I am Barrister Fred Briggs  of Fred Briggs  Chambers and Associate. I am the 
financial lawyer to the late Mr Martins Max from Stuttgart, Germany.  
Martins Max  was an oil merchant with estment in the leading oil in Africa. 
He invested in lifting oil from Niger delta in Nigeria to other countries 
where he sales it. He was the highest shareholder in Shell petroleum Bp in 
1994. Martins Max  met his untimely death via plane crash in the 2002. I was
contacted as his lawyer by the board of director, GLOBAL LINKS SECURITIES 
LTD to look for the relative of late Mr. Martins Max  to enable them 
transfer the accumulated share dividend of his investment with the GLOBAL 
LINKS SECURITIES LTD. It is about two years now. I made some research about 
the relatives of  Mr Martins Max  and discorvered through some DNA reports 
that  some other two passengers in the same plane happend to be his wife and 
only daughter Cynthia Martins Max   who also died along with him in the 
crash.

I am contacting you so that both of us can reach an agreement to enable you 
act as his next of kin and claim the fund of course they will believe me 
because I am his financial lawyer untill his death and I  have all his 
business documents with me.I would have use someone from here for the 
purpose but the fact that late Martins Max  is a white man made it 
impossible for me to present a black man as his next of kin which of course, 
the GLOBAL LINKS SECURITIES LTD will not honour.All the document will be 
validated in your name and shall be drafted by me to include your name in an 
application which be forwarded to the GLOBAL LINKS SECURITIES LTD for the 
claims. The money is just USD18.Million dollars. I will personally monitor 
the progress of the transaction as your lawyer.

After we succeed in transfering the money into your account, we will give  
some portion
of the money to charity home in your country and then share the remaining in 
the ratio 70% to 30% between you and I. If you are willing to work with me 
in this regard, please, forward to  me through this email address:

1.  Your full name and contact address
2.  Your phone and fax number (cell phone)
3.   Age aggregate
4.   Occupation and position
Thanks and God bless you.

Barr. FRED BRIGGS
Fred Briggs and Associates




</p>

</body></html>