<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[81.199.125.187]" />
<meta name="subject" content="From: Miss Julian Zanna." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Miss Julian Zanna." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="julian zanna &lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="julian_zanna@mail.ru" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-21T15:05:30Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="iamwannabe@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="iamwannabe@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=koi8-r" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="iamwannabe@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="julian zanna &lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From: Miss Julian Zanna." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="julian zanna &lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	Mon, 21 Nov 2005 18:05:30 +0300" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1EeDEY-000Pbw-00.julian_zanna-mail-ru@f19.mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Miss Julian Zanna." />
<meta name="creator" content="julian zanna &lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=koi8-r" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Miss Julian Zanna." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="julian zanna &lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-21T15:05:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=koi8-r" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-21T15:05:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="mPOP Web-Mail 2.19" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 21 10:06:47 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt; Mon, 21 Nov 2005 18:05:30 +0300" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1EeDEY-000Pbw-00.julian_zanna-mail-ru@f19.mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="julian zanna" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Miss Julian Zanna." />
<meta name="Author" content="julian zanna &lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[81.199.125.187]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="mPOP Web-Mail 2.19" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1971" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="julian zanna &lt;julian_zanna@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1EeDEY-000Pbw-00.julian_zanna-mail-ru@f19.mail.ru&gt;" />
<title>From: Miss Julian Zanna.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Miss Julian Zanna.
Rue 12 Avenue williamsville Abidjan,
Republic of Cote D' Ivoire.
julzna74@yahoo.fr

Dear Friend,

I am sorry if this mail will come to you as an embarrassment or a suprise,I
just felt like empting myself to you,I got your contact through yahoo member's
directory and having gone through you profile i decided to contact
you ,as am faced with total frustration and hardship. My ernest prayer is
that you find this mail in good health and blessings. I am presently residing
in Abidjan,Cote d'Ivoire.I left my country with my father after the death
of my mother during the war in our country and we came here because my father
owned a business here,(cocoa business), during the going political crisis
here which has turn out into a civil war since 2003,my father was attacked
and killed here at the hit of the crisis as the rebels were killing prominent
foreigners with the reason that they were financially supporting the government
against them and the rebels are accusing the government of doing the killing.

Presently,I am staying in a REFUGEE camp assisted by the Red cross
organisation,due to the way which the camp is securized by united nations
forces and after the death of my father,our house was set ablaze,I was unable
to meet my needs pay my bills and accommodation. And in my dilemma which
was another reason for going to the camp, where I could at least feed and
sleep as I did not know anyone here. I take permission to go to the town
where they have internet access to enable me correspond with you.
Secondly,my late father concealed some amount of money in a trunk box and
deposited it in a safe keeping house to the turn of $19.5 million dollars
which I will want you to help me move out of this country because of the
war here.But the safe keeping house does not know the true content of the
trunk to be cash as my father declared upon deposit as containing art craft
for export. My father confided so much in me after the death of my mother,infact
I became his wife,we were so close that we never did anything without my
knowledge and opinion All that I want is your sincere and genuine help in
helping me safe guide this trunk which means that you will have to come here
so that we can meet face to face first before proceeding with this claim,as
we have to do the claiming of the trunk which the money is concealed claimed
out of the safe keeping house first and the money moved out of this country
as I am the named next of kin to this deposit.

I can not allow the money remain here while because of the war here which
possess a great risk to as my life and future solely lies on it.If you have
heard from the news for the past few months now there has been intense fighting
and bombing by the French troops which I will like to live here as soon as
we have this money moved out of this country. I will also like upon your
arrival here to open an account in any of the international banks of your
choice here where this money will be lodged into for transfer to your country,I
know that this is our first mail,but I have decided to confide in you from
the choice of your word on your profile.
I want you to know that for years now,I have lived in absolute frustration,tires
and pains without any person around me,no parent,uncles or friend,but God
had kept me until now,which I believe that I will smile once again. Thirdly,I
do not want to attach myself to you out of desperation so that I do not get
used rather I intend you helping me to claim this money as I intend living
for your country to start an entire new life and complete my education,as
you will have to help in the investment of
this money. But I really need your help at this trial and difficult time
of mine.

I am totally frustrated that my whole mind for now lies on my survival which
is securing this money.Please I am confiding completely in you and I really
need your assistance at this point of my life as you alone knows of this
venture.
I will enclosed my copies of my personal pictures and my late father's pictures
for your view I wait to hear from you.
Please get back to me with the above yahoomail address as well shown below:
julzna74@yahoo.fr

Thanks and be bless.
Julian Zanna.






</p>

</body></html>