<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="garubagambo11@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Re: PAYMENT AUTHENTICATION..," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;garuba gambo&quot; &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="garuba gambo &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="garubagambo11@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-24T14:21:27Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="greguuu@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F10E9BEFB25E6F1617E1BCAA1540@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="greguuu@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Re: PAYMENT AUTHENTICATION..," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="24 Nov 2005 14:21:27.0753 (UTC) FILETIME=[5B83F390:01C5F102]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Thu, 24 Nov 2005 06:21:27 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="PAYMENT AUTHENTICATION..," />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F10E9BEFB25E6F1617E1BCAA1540@phx.gbl&gt; MY CONDITIONS." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[garubagambo11@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;garuba gambo&quot; &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="garuba gambo &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;garuba gambo&quot; &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="garuba gambo &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-24T14:21:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-24T14:21:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="24 Nov 2005 14:21:27.0753 (UTC) FILETIME=[5B83F390:01C5F102]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="garubagambo11@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Nov 24 09:32:06 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[garubagambo11@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt; Thu, 24 Nov 2005 06:21:27 -0800 24/11/2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="garuba gambo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;garuba gambo&quot; &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="garuba gambo &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1984" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="garuba gambo &lt;garubagambo11@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F10E9BEFB25E6F1617E1BCAA1540@phx.gbl&gt; MY CONDITIONS." />
<title>Re: PAYMENT AUTHENTICATION..,</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hon.Dr.Garuba Gambo
Minister, Foreign Affairs Ministry.
Maputo Street Zone 3
Wuse- Abuja-Nigeria.

                                                                             
                              24/11/2005
Sir,

Re: PAYMENT AUTHENTICATION..,

I am Hon.Dr.Garuba Gambo, Minister Foreign Affairs Ministry; my office 
monitors and controls the affairs of all banks and financial institutions in 
Nigeria concerned with foreign contract payments. I am the final signatory 
to any transfer or remittance of huge funds moving within banks both on the 
local and international levels in line to foreign contracts settlement.

I have before me list of funds, which could not be transferred to some 
nominated accounts as these accounts have been identified either as ghost 
accounts, unclaimed deposits and over-invoiced sum etc. I write to present 
you to the federal government that you are among the people expecting the 
funds to be transferred into their account, on this note; I wish to have a
deal with you as regards to the unpaid certified contract funds. I have 
every files before me and the data's will be to change to your name to 
enable you receive the fund into your nominated bank account as the 
beneficiary o! f ! the fund's amount $20 Million U.S.D.

As it is my duty to recommend the transfer of these surplus funds to the 
Federal Government Treasury and Reserve Accounts as unclaimed deposits, I 
have the opportunity to write you based on the instructions i received 2 
days ago from the Senate Committee on Contract Payments /Foreign Debts to 
submit the List of payment reports / expenditures and audited
reports of revenues. Among several others, I have decided to remit this sum 
following my idea that we have a deal/agreement and I am going to do this 
legally.

                                       MY CONDITIONS.

1. You will give me 65% of the contract funds as soon as you confirm it in 
your designated bank account.

2. This deal must be kept secret forever, and! a! ll correspondence will be 
strictly by email / telephone, for security purposes.

3. There should be no third parties as most problem associated with your 
fund release are caused by your agents or representative.

If you AGREE with my conditions, l advise you on what to do immediately and 
the transfer will commence without delay as I will proceed to fix your name 
on the Payment schedule instantly to meet the three days mandate. I hope you 
don't reject this offer and have the funds transferred.
Waiting for your reply soon.

Yours Sincerely.

Hon.Dr.Garuba Gambo

(FOREIGN AFFAIRS MINISTER.)

Alternative Email:greguuu@indiatimes.com

The information in this message and in any attachments, contains
confidential information and is intended solely for the attention and use of
the addressee(s)




</p>

</body></html>