<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mrraybeold@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="ATTN: PLEASE RESPOND !" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Raynold Olds' &lt;mrraybeold@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+229-9571-3752." />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrraybeold@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-27T03:21:32Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ATTN: PLEASE RESPOND !" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="27 Nov 2005 03:21:32.0445 (UTC) FILETIME=[AA1CACD0:01C5F301]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mrraybeold@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Raynold Olds' &lt;mrraybeold@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Raynold Olds' &lt;mrraybeold@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-27T03:21:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-27T03:21:32Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="mrraynoldbenjamin@yahoo.fr," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrraybeold@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="27 Nov 2005 03:21:32.0445 (UTC) FILETIME=[AA1CACD0:01C5F301]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mrraybeold@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Nov 26 22:21:43 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mrraybeold@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrraybeold@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Raynold Olds'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Raynold Olds' &lt;mrraybeold@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-1988" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Raynold Olds' &lt;mrraybeold@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>ATTN: PLEASE RESPOND !</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:
MR.RAYNOLD BENJAMIN OLDS',
36b Attha Benious Aures,
Cotonu-Republic Of
Benin.

Thank you for giving me your time; please
be patient and read my email,I sincerely
hope that after you read this mail you
will act fast and respond to my call.
My name is RAYNOLD OLDS',35 years from
Zimbabwe.I am the eldest son  of
late Eng.MARTIN OLDS'.

My father established his Tobacco farm
in Bivis.While he was in Hwali, a northern
city to negotiate for the sale of one of the
farm plantation that he was shot and
killed by Mugabe's supporters, As a result
of the current political instability and
war against farmers to claim all the
white-owned farms for his party members
and his followers. They as well burnt
everything in the farm.

Before his death,my father had deposited
with one Security Company in Holand,
the sum of $10.5m (Ten Million Five Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars).
This was money he planned to use in buying
new machinery and to set up a new
farm in Swaziland.

The money has  been in the security company
in holand just for safe keeping although
the courier company were not aware of the
content in the case because it was convey
as personal valuable goods,I have all legal
documents with me as of when it was deposited
in a Security Vault for safe keeping.

I got your reference from the Benin Exports
Promotion Council (BEPC)where i am on asylum
because of continued harassement from Mugabe
and his supporters.Having noted the confidence
reposed on your person I became convinced of
your capability and goodwill to asist in securing
this money for an investment in your country and
to assist me with a letter of invitation that
will enable me secure a visa into your country
for residence .

If you agree to help, we will compensate you
sincerely for your candid effort in this
regard with 10% of  the total amount of  $10.5
Million US Dollars.

Also, when the money ($10.5 Million) is moved
into your discrete account, you will be allowed
to withdraw 35% in your favour while 5% would be
for expenses, tax as your government may require.
The remaining  60% will be invested meaningfully for
us(me and my family)in your country. I have
perfected  arrangements with the Trust Company
concerned and has been assured 100% risk free
and safe  operation.

What I demand from you now is to arrange to
visit the Finance Company where this money is
being deposited and claim it as the bona-fide
owner. And in due course,all contacts must be
made through my private.
E-mail:mrraynoldbenjamin@yahoo.fr,
Tel:+229-9571-3752.

You will be Godly rewarded for your candid
effort.Please do call me immediately you get
this message  and send forth your private
Phone/Fax number(s) and E-mail address(s)for
easier communication.
Awaiting your response.Thanks and God bless.

With Regards,
Reynold Olds




</p>

</body></html>