<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.178.250.18 I shall apply for a leave as soon" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM Accountant David" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt; Please,Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is Mr." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-11-29T14:13:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="david_rowland@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; The situation left for" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ; " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="davidprivate1_mr@myway.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="davidprivate1_mr@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM Accountant David" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt; Please,Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is Mr." />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt; Please,Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is Mr." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-11-29T14:13:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 (RE-TRANSFER OF $35.5MILLION US" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; The situation left for" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-11-29T14:13:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov 29 09:24:03 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr David Rowland" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt; Please,Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is Mr." />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.178.250.18" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2003" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr David Rowland &lt;david_rowland@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>FROM Accountant David</title>
</head>
<body><p>My Dear Friend
       
          (RE-TRANSFER OF $35.5MILLION US 
DOLLARS)
 
  Please,Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is Mr.
David Rowland, A Top Management Official of one of the finance 
corporation in Africa.I came to know about you in my private search for 
a reliable person/company to handle an important assignment on behalf 
of my Colleagues and myself. 
  
  A German Mr. Wolfgang Schinister, 66 
years of age and a prosperous oilGold merchant had in our Bank the sum 
of $35.5million in a domiciliary account.Unfortunately, he was killed 
in the plane crash involving concord AF4590 in Gonesse,France. Efforts 
had been made by the management of my bank through the German Embassy 
in Johannesburg 
to contact any of the deceased children but to no 
avail, as we were made to understand he had no children. Given the 
skeletal information available to the bank, it has so far been 
impossible to reach any of the relatives. 
  
  The situation left for 
the Management is to declare the deceased account dormant and revert 
the Amount to trading on behalf of the interest of the Bank. In order 
to avoid this development, my Colleagues and I now seek your approval 
to have you stand as a distant relative to Mr Wolfgang Schinister, so 
that the money would be released to you. All documents and proofs to 
enable you get the money will be carefully packaged once we receive 
your consent on this proposal. 
  
  I shall apply for a leave as soon 
as the funds gets into your reliable account to come to your country 
for possible sharing and investment opportunity which you will assist 
me in doing. May I assure you that this is safe and risk-free, as we 
have taken care of all necessary modalities to ensure a hitch-free 
movement? I have the authority of my partners involved in this 
assignment to propose that should you be willing to assist us in this, 
your share would be 25%.I have reposed my confidence in you and hope 
that you will not disappoint me.Then i will like to know your age first 
to know weather you can be able to do this type of business and send me 
your telephone number so that i will call you for heart to heart 
discussion.

Best Regards, 
MrDavid Rowland        
    


</p>

</body></html>