<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ericwong1118@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="feedback" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;eric wong&quot; &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="eric wong &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ericwong1118@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-12-05T06:31:38Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ricwong014777@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ricwong014777@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ricwong014777@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ericwong014777@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F65C891E19A37FD9B8402CC0410@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ericwong014777@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="feedback" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="05 Dec 2005 06:31:38.0940 (UTC) FILETIME=[8C37AFC0:01C5F965]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Sun, 4 Dec 2005 22:31:38 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F65C891E19A37FD9B8402CC0410@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ericwong1118@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;eric wong&quot; &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="eric wong &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;eric wong&quot; &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="eric wong &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-12-05T06:31:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Hong" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-12-05T06:31:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="05 Dec 2005 06:31:38.0940 (UTC) FILETIME=[8C37AFC0:01C5F965]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ericwong1118@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec  5 01:31:48 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ericwong1118@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt; Sun, 4 Dec 2005 22:31:38 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="eric wong" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;eric wong&quot; &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="eric wong &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2008" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="eric wong &lt;ericwong1118@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F65C891E19A37FD9B8402CC0410@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>feedback</title>
</head>
<body><p>Eric Wong.
Union Bank Of China,
99 Queens Road Central
Hong Kong,

Dear Friend,

I write you in good faith, hoping that you will treat this letter as a
desperate search for assistance in a matter that shall benefit both
ofus.A random search based on your locality from the Internet produced
youraddress, Please i apologise for this medium of contact as it
appears the only definate way i can have assistance with this matter.

I am Mr Eric Wong, Head of Private Banking, Union Bank Of China,also
account  Manager to a deceased Immigrant property magnate who was based
in  the U.K. and had vast business interest in Hong Kong ,also referred
to  as my client.On Monday, 31 July, 2000, 13:22 GMT 14:22 UK , my client, 
his
wife  and their two Children died in the Air France concord plane crash
bound for New York in their plan for a world cruise

I have been managing his  Bank accounts here in the Hong Kong, and some
Properties which he had put out for sale. The properties which have
long been put out on sale have been paid for, and the money paid has
long been deposited into his local bank account here. I have contacted
you to assist in repatriating the money and estate left behind by my client
before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by my Bank.
Particularly, the bank has issued me with a notice to provide any of
his  next of kin or have the account confiscated within a short period  of 
time.My late
client has an account is valued at 18 Million United States Dollars Only

I therefore made further investigation,with the personel department and
discovered that did not declare any kin or relations in all his
official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank.
This  sum of US$18million is still sitting in my Bank and the interest
is   being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No 
one will
ever come forward to claim it. According to Laws of Hon Kong, at the
expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of  the 
  Hong
Kong  Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

I now seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to my
deceased client, so that the proceeds of his account valued at 18
Million United States Dollars Only can be paid to you, I will like you
to provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney
will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you
in place as the next of kin.

The money will be paid to you for us to share in the ratio of 60% for
me and 35% for you and 5%, after completion,for Expenses Incurred in
the course of the transaction .There is no risk at all as all the
paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and with my
position as the Head Private Banking guarantees the successful
execution of  this transaction. If you are interested, please reply
immediately to my email: ericwong014777@yahoo.com.hk

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal
through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Trust me
as his Manager of his Estates, as i have all the needed information,
that  this is a risk-free relationship.You should observe utmost
confidentiality,and rest assured that this transaction would be most
profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to
invest  my share in your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply.

Thanks and regards.

Eric Wong.




</p>

</body></html>