<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From Nicholas  Mavis   Please Call Me  +225 0723 6068" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO My mother died when I was a baby and since then my father took me so special. Best regards," />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+225 0723 6068 would be transferred into. " />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-829402694-1135172663=:48625&quot; With due respect and with God all thing were possible that is why I call for help to please Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you.  &lt;hr size=1&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk Dear All the necessary arrangement has been made at the bank where my late father deposited this money and the Director of the bank told me that as soon as an account of my choice is forwarded to their bank that " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk Dear All the necessary arrangement has been made at the bank where my late father deposited this money and the Director of the bank told me that as soon as an account of my choice is forwarded to their bank that " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-829402694-1135172663=:48625" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20051221134423.48904.qmail@web86911.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Nicholas  Mavis   Please Call Me  +225 0723 6068" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=s//HB2syBzknK1zLQ/EjIFQ6rkFZx9jBCbBaXjBaboOiFCIo0arU+hqwjJj9k+WnYjWfhjBepwUZxzoby8P5JqWg8l+pF8mfKIiTT9LCR5TfS16PEBP16mx4nxDabuk11Lm+V8bOS462SoqyeODelX6OdPAxq9Tm5VlNN/rCiMU=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit  Thanks and God bless you." />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit I am honourably seeking your assistance in the " />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20051221134423.48904.qmail@web86911.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; APPEAL FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE. resident permit in your country. " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-829402694-1135172663=:48625&quot; With due respect and with God all thing were possible that is why I call for help to please Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you.  &lt;hr size=1&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=s//HB2syBzknK1zLQ/EjIFQ6rkFZx9jBCbBaXjBaboOiFCIo0arU+hqwjJj9k+WnYjWfhjBepwUZxzoby8P5JqWg8l+pF8mfKIiTT9LCR5TfS16PEBP16mx4nxDabuk11Lm+V8bOS462SoqyeODelX6OdPAxq9Tm5VlNN/rCiMU=  ;  country to  further my education and to secure a " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Dec 21 08:44:26 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-829402694-1135172663=" content="48625 He told me that I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money into and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management and also for orphanages, helping the widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavour that the house of God is maintained and building companies where poor God people can work and have their daily feedings with their families. Nicholas Mavis" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-829402694-1135172663=" content="48625" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-829402694-1135172663=" content="48625--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; From : Nicholas Mavis  " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0  Furthermore, you indicate your options towards special.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;Before the death of my father on january 2004 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has the sum of 9 million United State Dollars. US(9.m) left in fixed /suspense account in one of the prime bank here in Abidjan that he used my name as his only son for the next of Kin in Depositing of the fund. &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;He told me that I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money into and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management and also for orphanages, helping the widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavour that the house of God is maintained and building companies where poor God people can work and have their daily feedings with their families.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;I pray to God to grant you more blessing to your business and for making up your mind that you will be doing this for the denefit of the people who" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2034" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20051221134423.48904.qmail@web86911.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; APPEAL FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE. resident permit in your country. " />
<title>From Nicholas  Mavis   Please Call Me  +225 0723 6068</title>
</head>
<body>     From : Nicholas Mavis
Abidjan Ivory coast
TEl: +225 0723 6068
private email : <a shape="rect" href="mailto:(nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk">(nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk</a>) 


      
      APPEAL FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE.
 
  Dear
   
  With due respect and with God all thing were possible that is why I call for help to please Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you. 
I am Nicholas Mavis the only son of late Mavis  Radci, My father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant in Abidjan the economic capital of Ivory coast, my father was poisoned to death by his business associates on the first of January 2004 on their outing for the new year celebration.
 
  My mother died when I was a baby and since then my father took me so
 special.
   Before the death of my father on january 2004 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has the sum of 9 million United State Dollars. US(9.m) left in fixed /suspense account in one of the prime bank here in Abidjan that he used my name as his only son for the next of Kin in Depositing of the fund. 
   He told me that I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money into and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management and also for orphanages, helping the widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavour that the house of God is maintained and building companies where poor God people can work and have their daily feedings with their families.
   I pray to God to grant you more blessing to your business and for making up your mind that you will be doing this for the denefit of the people who
 are in need. i know that God will see you through.
  I am honourably seeking your assistance in the
 following ways:
 
 (1) To provide a new bank account in where this money
 would be transferred into.
   (2) To serve as a guardian of this fund since I am
 only 22 years old.  
   (3) To make arrangement for me to come over to your
 country to  further my education and to secure a
 resident permit in your country.
   Moreover, I am willing to offer you 25% of the total sum as compensation for your effort/input after the successful transfer of this fund into your nominated account overseas.
   All the necessary arrangement has been made at the bank where my late father deposited this money and the Director of the bank told me that as soon as an account of my choice is forwarded to their bank that
they will transfer this money to my destination.
 Please RING me immediately you received this mail on my direct line 225 0723 6068 for us to proceed in this transaction which I beleived that in few days you shall call me for good news that you have comfirm my money in an account which you will provide.
   Furthermore, you indicate your options towards
assisting me as I believe that this transaction would
be concluded within (3) days you signify
interest to assist me.
 
 Anticipating to hear your voice immediately.
 Thanks and God bless you.
 Best regards,
 
 Nicholas Mavis
.
   All the relevants documents which my late father used in deposting of this money will be sent to you immediately I hear from you for more confirmation and trust and confidence in this transaction.
 
  PLEASE GET BACK TO ME ON MY PRIVATE EMAIL /
    
      (<a shape="rect" href="mailto:nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk">nicholas_mavis121@yahoo.co.uk</a>) 
   
   
   
   
   
  
 


<p>
		</p>


 
 
Play <a shape="rect" href="http://santas-christmas-party.yahoo.net/">Santa's Celebrity Xmas Party</a>, an exclusive game from Yahoo! 
</body></html>