<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="165.228.133.11" />
<meta name="subject" content="PROPOSITION" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-12-22T22:42:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aylingstephen@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="stephenayling@latinmail.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="stephenayling@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PROPOSITION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-12-22T22:42:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-12-22T22:42:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Dec 22 17:50:58 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt; WEBSITE." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="STEPHEN AYLING" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="165.228.133.11" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2038" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="STEPHEN AYLING &lt;aylingstephen@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>PROPOSITION</title>
</head>
<body><p>


Hello,

I wish to accost you with a request that would be of immense 
benefit to both of us. Being an executor of wills, it is possible that 
we may be tempted to make fortune out of our client's situations, when 
we cannot help it, or left with no better option. The issue I am 
presenting to you is a case of my client who willed a fortune to his 
next-of-kin. It was most unfortunate that he and his next-of-kin died 
on the same day the 31st October 1999 in an Egyptian airline 990 with 
other passengers on board. You can confirm this from the website below 
which was published by BBC WORLD NEWS.

 WEBSITE.
http://news.bbc.co.
uk/1/hi/world/americas/502503.stm.
 
I am now faced with confusion of 
who to pass the fortune to.
According to the English law, the fortune 
is supposed to be bequeathed to the government,if nobody comes forward 
as the next of kin within seven years of the demise of the benefactor 
of the will. My purpose of contacting you is to seek your acting as the 
beneficiary of the will, and lay claim to the legacy of $7million, 
which my deceased client  bequeathed to his next-of-kin. For now, I 
alone know about his will, as my client had great confidence in me.

Everything will be left between you and I. The share would be 25% for 
you and 75% for me. I would want to give a huge part of my share to the 
tsunami victims,
as this is my primary objective. All I have to do is 
amend the will or add a codicil to make you the beneficiary to the 
$7million legacy.

Again, I feel that you may apprehensive and consider 
this amount too big for you to defend. It does not matter, as there are 
documents to back it up. 
This is a legacy being passed on to a next-of-
kin. As I am not very sure of getting your consent on the issue I 
prefer not to divulge my full identity so as not to risk being 
disbarred. The English Bar considers it a breach of the oath of the 
English Bar. I need not emphasize to you that the sensitivity of this 
issue need not be toyed with by neglecting its confidentiality. I 
therefore appeal to you not discuss this request with anybody, even if 
you decline my request.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Yours truly

Stephen Ayling. 
 
 
 
 


</p>

</body></html>