<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE READ!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MimeOLE" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1123" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;AHMED SALIH&quot; &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="AHMED SALIH &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-12-22T22:50:23Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;959501c60763$3cf82550$68cb70bb@ipad_nlrqfh&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE READ!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;959501c60763$3cf82550$68cb70bb@ipad_nlrqfh&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;AHMED SALIH&quot; &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="AHMED SALIH &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;AHMED SALIH&quot; &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="AHMED SALIH &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-12-22T22:50:23Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-12-22T22:50:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mimeole" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1123" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1123" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="High" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Dec 23 00:18:37 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="AHMED SALIH" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;AHMED SALIH&quot; &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="AHMED SALIH &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1123" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="High" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2039" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="AHMED SALIH &lt;ipad_nlrqfh@web2mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;959501c60763$3cf82550$68cb70bb@ipad_nlrqfh&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE READ!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir/madam,

First, I must apologise to you for using this medium
to communicate about this transaction,though it is 
my great pleasure in writing you this letter.

This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the 
fact that we have not yet met. I have to say that I 
have no intentions of causing you any pains so i 
decided to contact you through this medium.
As you  read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for 
me, because, I believe everyone  will die someday. 
My name is AHMED SALIH BERHAM, a merchant in Dubai, in the 
U.A.E. I  have been diagnosed with prostate and 
esophageal Cancer that was discovered  very late 
due to my laxity in caring for my health. It has 
defiled  all form of medicine and right now, I have 
only about a few months to live  according to medical 
experts.

I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I 
never really  cared for  anyone not even myself but 
my business. Though I am very rich, I was never  
generous, I was always hostile to people and only 
focus on my  business as that  was the only thing I 
cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know 
that  there is more to life than just wanting to 
have or make all the money in the world. I believe 
when God gives me a second chance to come to this 
world I  would live my life a different way from 
how I have lived it. Now that I know my  time is 
near, I have willed and given most of my properties 
and assets to my immediate and extended family members 
and as well as a few close friends and Schools in 
the UAE. I have decided to give alms to charity 
organizations, as I want this to be one  of the last 
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed 
money to some  charity organizations in the U.A.E, 
London and Ireland. Now that my health has deteriorated 
so badly, I cannot do this my self any more. I once 
asked members  of my family to close one of my accounts 
and donate the money, which I have  there to charity 
organization in Bulgaria, they refused and kept the 
money to  themselves. Hence, I do not trust them 
anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what 
I have left for them. The last of my money which is 
the  huge cash deposit that I have with Financial 
Firm Abroad .I will want you to help me collect this 
deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations 
and let  them know that it is I AHMED SALIH BERHAM that is 
making this generous donation.
I pray that you assist me with good heart,because
my lawyer will be there  to assist you in anyway necessary  
with all proper documentation.

Like I said,I will prefer you contact
my lawyer for further information. Contact information is as
provided below;

Name: David Morgan
Tel: +31 645 551 264
Email: admin@services-investcorp.com

You should inform the Attorney you were referred by AHMED SALIH BERHAM.

NB: 
I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this 
matter untill the task is accomplished as I dont want 
anything that will Jeopadize my last wish. and Also I 
will be contacting with you by email as I dont want 
anybody to know because they are always around me.</p>

</body></html>