<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="madamfatima120@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="My dearest in Christ," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Madam Fatima&quot; &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Madam Fatima &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="madamfatima120@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-12-23T17:13:31Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mrs_mana@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mrs_mana@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="My dearest in Christ," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="23 Dec 2005 17:13:32.0143 (UTC) FILETIME=[334F97F0:01C607E4]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[madamfatima120@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Madam Fatima&quot; &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Madam Fatima &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Madam Fatima&quot; &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Madam Fatima &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-12-23T17:13:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-12-23T17:13:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="23 Dec 2005 17:13:32.0143 (UTC) FILETIME=[334F97F0:01C607E4]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="madamfatima120@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Dec 23 12:13:45 2005" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[madamfatima120@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Madam Fatima" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Madam Fatima&quot; &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Madam Fatima &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2040" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Madam Fatima &lt;madamfatima120@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>My dearest in Christ,</title>
</head>
<body><p>My dearest in Christ,
May God be praised!!!

I am Mrs. Fatima Iyesa Ismiana, from Kuwait. I am married to Usman Ismiana
of blessed memory who worked with Kuwait embassy in Madrid Spain for nine
years before he died in the year 2000.

We were married for eleven years without a child he died after a brief
illness that lasted only four days. Before his death he was a very devoted
Muslim and I was a devoted Christian by birth battling with both cancer and

fibroid problems when my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of
$15million dollars (FIFTEEN million dollars) with an overseas finance and
security firm. Presently,this money is still with finance and security firm.

Recently, my doctor told me that I had aterminating illness (cancer) that
would last for the next four months.

Though what disturbs me most is my stroke s ickness, having known my
condition I decided to donate this fund to either a Christian organization
or a devoted Christian individual that will utilize this money the way I am

going to instruct here in. I want this Christian organization or individual

to use this money in all sincerity to fund churches, orphanages, widows and

also propagating the word of God and to ensure that the society upholds the

views and beliefs of the holy bible.The holy bible emphasized so much on the

giving of alms,charity and this ha s en couraged me in taking this bold
step.

I took this decision because I don't have any child to start from and where

I will stop and my husband's relatives are all Muslims and I don't want my
husband hard earned money to be misused by people that call me an
unbeliever. I don't want asituation where this money will be used in an
unholy manner hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I know that
after death I will be with God the most high and the most merciful one. I
don'tneed any telephone communications but will only give you the contact of

my lawyer Barr Brow Nelson. because he is the one who is going to assist you

in making you the beneficiary of the consignment in the finance and security

firm.With God, I know that all thing are possible and as soon as I receive
your reply through my lawyer I will now give him instruction to make you the

beneficiary of the consignment and all necessary steps to take before
receiving these f unds and I shall also give you the contact of the finance

and secur ity firm I will also issue you a letter of authority that will
prove you as the original beneficiary of the funds.

I want you and the Christian community where you reside toalways pray for
me.Myhappiness is that I lived a life of a true devoted Christian though
married to a Muslim, whoever that wants to serve God must serve him in truth

and in spirit, pl ease always be prayerful all through
your life.

Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for anotherChristian
organization or a devoted Christian for the same purpose.Until I hear from
you my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders,may the Almighty God
continue to guide and protect you.

Amen.
Yours faithfully,
Mrs. Fatima Iyesa Ismiana.




</p>

</body></html>