<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;david&quot; &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="david &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-03T17:14:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;YOU ARE THE ONE&quot; &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="YOU ARE THE ONE &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;david&quot; &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.0.2) Gecko/20030208 Netscape/7.02" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;B264767D.8404A65@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;david&quot; &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.0.2) Gecko/20030208 Netscape/7.02" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;B264767D.8404A65@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;david&quot; &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="david &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;david&quot; &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="david &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-03T17:14:46Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-03T17:14:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan  3 11:37:59 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="david" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;david&quot; &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="david &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2056" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="david &lt;lseku707wxmcybxr@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;B264767D.8404A65@mail.az&gt;" />
<title> </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,

I want to solicit with you for assistance in regards to a financial
transaction.  I am the son of one of the foremost and rich black farmers in
Zimbabwe that was murdered for land dispute in my country. Before the death
of my father, he had given me the certificate of deposite he used to deposit
a large sum of money in one of the private security companies in Europe, as
family valuables, when he realized the looming dangers in Zimbabwe.
This amountwas meant for the purchase of new machineries and chemicals for
the farms and also for the establishment of new farms in Swaziland.This land
dispute started when President Robert Mugabe introduced a new land
reform,which was particularly targeted at the rich white farmers and a few
black farmers (my father included).This resulted in the gruesome killing of
rich farmers (mainly whites) and the unlawful possession of their properties
by Mugabe's war veterans, under the  disguise of fighting for the interest
of the country. It is against this background that I fled the country with
my family,to the United Kingdom where we are currently seeking asylum.I have
been adviced to seek foreign assistance, as the United Kingdom law prohibits
asylum seekers from operating bank accounts or involve in financial
transaction of any kind, hence this letter to you. All I need is your
trustworthiness to be able to entrust the above said amount and help me
with investment opportunities. My family's survival depends on this money
as we have virtually lost all our other assets.
There are two options, firstly, you can choose to accept a negotiable
percentage of the total amount for your assistance or go into partnership
for the proper investment of the money in your country.
We shall discuss in detail the modalities involved when I hear from you.
I await your reply through my confidential email media, while I implore you
to maintain the absolute secrecy required to ensure a safe and hitch free
transaction.
I shall furnish you with more details on request.
Yours truly,
D.K.
Kindly reply through this email account: ( d-kan777@mail.az )




</p>

</body></html>