<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="konechambers202@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;james kone&quot; &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james kone &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.dawodu.com/kanocrash02.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1968300.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="konechambers202@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-04T19:26:13Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="konechambers40@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F121CCE640B50E29BDFF999FB2F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="konechambers40@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="04 Jan 2006 19:26:14.0180 (UTC) FILETIME=[BA030640:01C61164]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Wed, 4 Jan 2006 11:26:14 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="WILL EXECUTOR" />
<meta name="MboxParser-[http" content="//www.ngex.com/newsletter]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-[http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1968300.stm]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-[http" content="//www.dawodu.com/kanocrash02.htm]." />
<meta name="MboxParser-barrister" content="Barrister Williams  kone." />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F121CCE640B50E29BDFF999FB2F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[konechambers202@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;james kone&quot; &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="james kone &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;james kone&quot; &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james kone &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-04T19:26:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-04T19:26:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="04 Jan 2006 19:26:14.0180 (UTC) FILETIME=[BA030640:01C61164]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="konechambers202@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan  4 14:26:24 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[konechambers202@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt; Wed, 4 Jan 2006 11:26:14 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="james kone" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;james kone&quot; &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="james kone &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2058" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="james kone &lt;konechambers202@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F121CCE640B50E29BDFF999FB2F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>Kone Law Firm
6, Kofo Abayomi Street
Victoria Island
Lagos
Nigeria
www.konelawfirm.com
Email.konechambers40@yahoo.ca

Dear Friend,


RE: WILL EXECUTOR

I am sure that this letter  will come to you as a surprise, but I shall be 
grateful if you would read with the interest of assisting in this proposal 
tendered herein.
My name is Barrister Williams  kone, Attorney at Law and Legal advisor to Mr 
Phelps M. Dasne, A foreigner who used to work with Mekon Associates Company 
in Nigeria.Here after referred to as my Client.

At about 1.35pm on May 4 2002, my Client, his Wife and their three children 
were involved in an Air Crash, when the Nigerian Passenger Plane they 
boarded, crashed into a densely populated suburb of the city of Kano in 
northern Nigeria, killing at least 148 people on board including my Client, 
his entire family and the Former Minister of Sport in Nigeria,Late Ishaya 
Mark Aku.

For more sunstantiation about the aformentioned incident; please browse
through the underlisted Web Addresses and read for yourself:

http://www.dawodu.com/kanocrash02.htm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1968300.stm

Subsequently, since then, I have made several inquires to your Embassy to 
locate any of my Late Client's Extended Relatives, which has also proved 
unsuccessful.
After these several unsuccessful attempts to locate any member of his 
family, hence,i contacted you assist me to repatriate the money and property 
left behind by my Late Client before they get confiscated in the Bank 
Treasury or declared unserviceable by the Finance House where this huge 
deposit were lodged, so that the proceeds of this Account valued at 3.5 
Million Dollars ($3.5MUSD) can be paid to your Account.

The Finance House where the Deceased had an Account valued at about 3.5 
Million Dollars ($3.5MUSD) has issued me a notice to provide the Next Of Kin 
or have the Account dormant &amp; confiscated for inactiveness within the next 
21 banking days.

Pragmatically, I have all the necessary legal documents that can be used to 
back up any claim we may make anywhere. All I require is your honest 
cooperation to enable us see this transaction through.

I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement
that will protect you from any Breach of the Law.
Infact, all you are to do is to send the below
information to me,to enable me forward your name to the Finance House as the 
next of kin to my late client.

{1}. YOUR FULL NAME.

{2}. YOUR CONTACT ADDRESS.

(3)DIRECT TELEPHONE NUMBER

I am willing to share this money with you at the proportion of 30% to 
you,while 10% for any cost being incured during this transaction, and the 
balance 60% which is for me will be kept under your supervision immediately 
the money is transferred into your account for safe keeping.

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this transaction 
through.

I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that 
will protect you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with me by 
my secured and confidential e-mail:
konechambers40@yahoo.ca
discuss further.

For more sunstantiation about the aformentioned incident; please browse
through the underlisted Web Addresses and read for yourself:

[http://www.ngex.com/newsletter]
[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1968300.stm]
[http://www.dawodu.com/kanocrash02.htm].

I await your favorable response

Yours faithfully,

Barrister: Barrister Williams  kone.




</p>

</body></html>