<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="please reply urgent" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD&quot; &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-08T11:41:07Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="saleemmohd_ahmedmohd@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="saleemmohd_ahmedmohd@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="please reply urgent" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200601081141.k08Bf1hf012160@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD&quot; &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD&quot; &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-08T11:41:07Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-08T11:41:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan  8 06:41:05 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200601081141.k08Bf1hf012160@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD&quot; &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2068" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR SALEEM MOHD AHMED MOHD &lt;saleemmohamed333@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200601081141.k08Bf1hf012160@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>please reply urgent</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mr. Saleem Mohd Ahmed Mohd
MANAGER
National Bank of Dubai
Umm Al Quwain Branch
Shaikh Faisal Street U.A.E
Email:


Dear Friend,
I am pleased to get across to you for a very
urgent and profitable business proposal, I Got your
e-mail address in Internet while browsing after I
decided to contact you and ask for your assistance in
this urgent matter, requiring trust and
confidentiality,

I am Mr. Saleem Mohd Ahmed Mohd, the Branch manager,
National Bank of Dubai Umm Al Quwain Branch UNITTED
ARAB EMIRATES, married with four children. I am
writing this letter to ask for your support and
co-operation to carry out this business opportunity in
my department.

On June 6, 1999, an America Oil consultant/contractor
with Petroleum Corporation, Mr. David Ameeraly, made a
numbered time (fixed) deposit for twelve calendar
months,
Valued at US$16,500,000.00(sixteen Million Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars )in my branch upon maturity.
I sent a routine notification to his forwarding
address but got no reply.

After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we
discovered from his contract employers, the Petroleum
Corporation that Mr. David Ameeraly, died in the plane
crash On October 31, 1999, (an Egyptian Boeing 767
Flight 990) with other passengers on board as you can
confirm it yourself via the website below:
&lt;http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/1999/11/01/iran/main49778.shtml&gt;

&lt;http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/1999/11/01/iran/main49778.shtml&gt;


On further investigation, I found out that he died
without making a WILL and attempts to trace his next
of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further
investigation and discovered that Mr. David Ameeraly.
did not declare any next of kin or relations in all
his official documents, including his bank deposit
paperwork in my bank. This sum of US$16,500,000.00 and
the interest is being rolled over with the principal
sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come
forward to claim it According to UNITTED ARAB EMIRATES
LAW, at the expiration of (seven) years; the money
will revert to the ownership of the UNITTED ARAB
EMIRATES Government if nobody applies to claim the
fund.

My proposal is that I will like you to stand as the
next of kin to Mr. David Ameeraly, so that the fruit
of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of
some corrupt Government officials. This is simple, I
will like you to provide immediately your full name
and address so that I can forward to you the contact
of our bank Attorney for the prepare the necessary
documents and affidavits which will put you in place
as the next of kin.

Any bank account in any part of the world, which you
will provide, will then facilitate the transfer of
this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.

The money will be paid into your account for us to
share in ratio of 60% for me and 30% for you and 10 %
will be set aside for expenses incured during the
business. There is no risk at all;

The paperwork for this transaction will be done by the
attorney and my position as the Branch Manager
guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction. If you are interested, please reply
immediately via the private email address below, upon
your responses, I shall provide you with more details
and relevant documents that will help you understand
the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest
assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because I shall require your assistance
to invest my share in your country.
Please upon the receipt of this mail message, send to
me the following to enable me start the processing the
transfer,

1.Your Full Name.
2.Your House Address.
3.Your Phone Number and Fax,


Thank You And God Bless You.
Sincerely


From: Mr. Saleem Mohd Ahmed Mohd,
MANAGER
National Bank of Dubai
Umm Al Quwain Branch
Shaikh Faisal Street U.A.E
Email:





</p>

</body></html>