<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-errors-to" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="subject" content="Business Transactions" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.Johnson Kwesi&quot; &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Johnson Kwesi &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drkwesij@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-11T13:51:40Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bg-ling-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bg-ling-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="bg-ling-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="bg-ling-owner@lists.si.UM " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Errors-To" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="drkwesijo@k.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="f514e3af-41cf-4853-a1e7-f24024e09fa0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="drkwesijo@k.ro" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Business Transactions" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060111134744.20EB1C08E@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.Johnson Kwesi&quot; &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Johnson Kwesi &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.Johnson Kwesi&quot; &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Johnson Kwesi &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-To" content="bg-ling-owner@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-11T13:51:40Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Wed, 11 Jan 2006 08:47:44 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-11T13:51:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Delivered-To" content="bg-ling-owner@lists.si.UM	for &lt;bg-ling-owner@lists.si.UM&gt;;	Wed, 11 Jan 2006 08:47:44 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 11 08:51:39 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt; for &lt;bg-ling-owner@lists.si.UM&gt;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060111134744.20EB1C08E@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Johnson Kwesi" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.Johnson Kwesi&quot; &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Johnson Kwesi &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2072" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.Johnson Kwesi &lt;drkwesij@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060111134744.20EB1C08E@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="bg-ling-owner@lists.si.UM " />
<title>Business Transactions</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM THE DESK OF DR.JOHNSON KWESI
AUDITOR,
MINISTRY OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT,
ACCRA GHANA.
DATE: 11 - 01 - 06

DEAR FRIEND,

LETTER FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE ON FUND TRANSFER

First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction.
This by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and TOP
SECRET.
I
got your contact in our search for a foreign partner who has the
ability
and reliability to prosecute a transaction of great magnitude involving
a
pending business transaction requiring maximum confidence. We are top
officials of the FEDERAL MINISTRY OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND RURAL
DEVELOPMENT
Accra - Ghana.
We are interested in investments in your country with funds which are
presently trapped here Ghana in other to commence this business we
solicit
your assistance to enable us transfer into your account the said
trapped
funds. The source of this fund is as follows: During our last year
Auditing, we found out that some government officials set up companies
and
awarded themselves contracts which were grossly over invoiced in
various
Ministries, We also identified a lot of inflated contracts funds which
are
presently Deposited in our APEX BANK here in Accra. However, by virtue
of
our position
as civil servants and members of the panel ,we cannot acquire this
money in
our names, I have therefore, been delegated as a matter of trust by my
colleagues of the panel to look for an overseas partner(s) into whose
account we would transfer the total sum of USD$35,500,000.00 [THIRTY
FIVE MILLION,FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS]. Hence we are
writing you this letter. We agreed to share the money thus: [1] 20% FOR
THE
ACCOUNT OWNER [YOU] [2] 80% FOR US [THEOFFICALS] It is from the 80%
that we
wish to commence investments in your country as you will also stand as
our
foreign agent over there. Please note that this transaction is 100%
safe
and we
hope to commence the transaction latest seven[7]days from the date of
the
receipt
of the following information bellow. [A] COMPANY?S NAME BENEFICIARY OF
ACCOUNT. [B] YOUR PERSONAL TELEPHONE NUMBER AND FAX NUMBERS. [C] BANK
ACCOUNT/SORT/ABA/ROUTING NUMBERS WHICH THE FUND WILL BE TRANSFERED TO.
[D]YOUR BANK ADDRESS,TELEPHONE NUMBERS/FAX NUMBERS. The above
information
will enable us commence the transfer of this funds into your account in
your country without delay and also to open an account in your name. We
are
looking forward to doing this business with you and solicit your
confidentiality in this transaction. Please acknowledge the receipt of
this
letter using the above email address; I will bring you into the
complete
picture of this pending project when I hear from you.

With Kind regards,

DR.JOHNSON KWESI



</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>