<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR.TUNJI OWO&quot; &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR.TUNJI OWO &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tunjiowo@regards.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-08T10:10:45Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="tunji_owo@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="tunji_owo@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305081010.h48AASN5006159@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt; am writing you because  as a public servant=2C" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR.TUNJI OWO&quot; &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR.TUNJI OWO &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR.TUNJI OWO&quot; &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR.TUNJI OWO &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-08T10:10:45Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-08T10:10:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Thu, 8 May 2003 06:10:42 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May  8 06:10:54 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Thu, 8 May 2003 06:10:42 -0400 (EDT) did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents=2C" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305081010.h48AASN5006159@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR.TUNJI OWO" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR.TUNJI OWO&quot; &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR.TUNJI OWO &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-207" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR.TUNJI OWO &lt;tunjiowo@regards.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305081010.h48AASN5006159@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt; am writing you because  as a public servant=2C" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>DR.TUNJI OWO
Gulf Bank Ltd,Lagos,Nigeria,
Private Tel:234-80-2354-6330.
E-Mail: tunji_owo@zwallet.com

Dear Friend,
I am DR.TUNJI OWO.The Manager Gulf Bank, Lagos, Nigeria.

I have urgent and-ery confidential business proposition for you.
On April 6, 1996, a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr.james  smith made
a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for some months, valued at
S$22,500,000.00 (Twenty Two Million Five hundred Thousand Dollars
only)
in my branch. Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month,we sent a reminder
and finally we discovered from his contract employers,the Nigerian
National Petroleum Corporation that Mr. james  smith on 1 February 1997

died in a plane crash on air senegal on aircraft Name Hawker Siddeley HS-748.
This crash happened in Tambacoumba, Senegal, Africa and the
registration

number of the aircraft is 6AV-AEO, and since his untimely death the
funds has been dormant in his account with my Bank without any claim of the
fund On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a
WILL, and all
attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.
I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. james smith
 did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents,
including his Bank
Deposit paperwork in my Bank.
This sum of US$22,500,000.00 has carefully been moved out of my bank
to a security company for safe-keeping.No one will ever come forward to
claim it.
According to Nigerian Law,at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money
will revert to the
ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the
fund.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as an
Foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to the late mr.james smith as to claim the money I deposited with the security company in two trunk boxes though the security company does
not know the contents of the boxes as I tagged them to be photographic
materials for export.

 am writing you because  as a public servant,
we can not operate a foreign account or have an account that is more
than $1m.I want to present you as the owner of the boxes in the
security company so you can be able to claim them with the
help of my attorney.All these are to make sure that the fruits of
this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt
government officials.

This is simple.I will like you to provide immediately your full names
and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents
which will put you in place as the  owner of the boxes.
The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of
70% for me and 25% for you and 5% will take care of
all expenses.There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will guarantee the
successful execution of this transaction.

if you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address/phone
upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and
relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.

Please observe with utmost confidentiality,
and be rest assured that this transaction would be
most profitable for both of us because I shall require your
assistance to invest my share in your country.

REGARDS.

DR.TUNJI OWO.



</p>

</body></html>