<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-http://" content="allafrica.com/stories/200012070247.html " />
<meta name="subject" content="Business Cooperation" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Muhammed Abacha" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;orionventures@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.lagos-online.com/fg_details_loot_from_abacha.htm " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-09T12:02:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="orionventures@go.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="opetuy2k@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="opetuy2k@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="opetuy2k@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Business Cooperation" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;7683425.1052481764570.JavaMail.orionventures@gomailjtp05&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;7683425.1052481764570.JavaMail.orionventures@gomailjtp05&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Muhammed Abacha" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;orionventures@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Muhammed Abacha" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;orionventures@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-09T12:02:44Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-09T12:02:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;orionventures@go.com&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Fri, 9 May 2003 08:13:42 -0400 (EDT) &lt;0HEM00842C4BNV@mta07.seamail.go.com&gt; for webmaster@aclweb.org; Fri, 9 May 2003 05:02:35 -0700 (PDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May  9 08:13:52 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;orionventures@go.com&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Fri, 9 May 2003 08:13:42 -0400 (EDT) &lt;0HEM00842C4BNV@mta07.seamail.go.com&gt; for webmaster@aclweb.org; Fri, 9 May 2003 05:02:35 -0700 (PDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mohammed Abacha" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Muhammed Abacha" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;orionventures@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-208" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;orionventures@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;7683425.1052481764570.JavaMail.orionventures@gomailjtp05&gt;" />
<title>Business Cooperation</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:Muhammed Abacha

I wish to introduce myself to you and the reason for my reaching out to you. I am Muhammed Abacha the the son of the late military head of state General Sani Abacha who died mysteriously on the 8th of June 1998. Following the death of my father Gen. Sani Abacha,elections were successfully held in the country and a civilian administration was sworn into power with the assistance of the American Government under the leadership of President Clinton. With the advent of the new democratic administration, a decision was taken by the new president
of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo to probe and ultimately prosecute all past military officers and their cohorts that served in very strategic capacities in the last military regime of my father.I was among those singled out to to be punished after a makeshift trial,for the supposed deeds of my dad,ever since I have been in detention(the past 3 years).

On monday the 24 September 2002,I was released,on the condition that I will release the rest of my fathers money in my care,to the tune of $I.5b,which I agreed. Now I have been released but kept under severe house arrest,I had amassed monies running into hundreds of millions of dollars stashed in various private foreign accounts around the world,most of wish have been frozen. Presently, I am confined under house arrest after my recent release from detention and I am now constrained into seeking for this assistance today because I cannot afford to let this goverment know that I still have funds stashed away. Shortly, before my detention I hurriedly deposited the sum of USD35.5 m illion with a security deposit firm for safekeeping,hence my seeking your assistance to receive this fund. I have since had
this amount stashed away in a private security company in Europe. I cannot send this money to any of my Bank Account abroad or open a new account for reasons mentioned earlier.

I hereby seek your assistance in moving and securing this money in your account abroad. I will adequately compensate you with 15% of the total sum for your assistance and co-operation with me to move this fund to your account for safe keeping where I can easily utilise it. The present administration has beamed their search light on any body remotely related to me and my family and you strongly know for certain that I am under surveillance and I cannot operate any of my bank accounts any more, due to their being frozen. I intend to safeguard and invest this amount of money abroad, but with a reliable foreign business partner so that we can invest the funds in doing business in your country. 

That is why I am soliciting your assistance and cooperation as regards this business.Arrangements are being concluded with the Security Company which has branches in Europe to receive the money in cash. I cannot tell the full story of my predicament on this letter. However you can get more information by checking the following web;

links. http://allafrica.com/stories/200010230279.html 
http://:allafrica.com/stories/200012070247.html 
http://www.lagos-online.com/fg_details_loot_from_abacha.htm 

Please note that I have a relocation plans for me and my family immediately you have cleared and received this funds in your account.

Please indicate your willingness to assist me by sending to me the following information, your private phone and fax numbers so that I can contact you and commence the transaction in earnest. I am waiting to hear from you very soon.

Please for total confidentiality reply to orionventures@dmailman.com

Best regards,

Muhammed Abacha 
234 8033205913


___________________________________________________
GO.com Mail                                    
Get Your Free, Private E-mail at http://mail.go.com



</p>

</body></html>