<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.250.36.2" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr. Smith Anderson." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Smith Anderson.&quot; &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Smith Anderson. &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-17T21:45:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="smith_a96@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="smith_ad30@yahoo.com.ar" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="smith_ad30@yahoo.com.ar" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr. Smith Anderson." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Smith Anderson.&quot; &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Smith Anderson. &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Smith Anderson.&quot; &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Smith Anderson. &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-17T21:45:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-17T21:45:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 17 16:50:20 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt; I am Mr.Smith Anderso the Head of Audit Department," />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Smith Anderson." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Smith Anderson.&quot; &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Smith Anderson. &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.250.36.2" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2094" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Smith Anderson. &lt;smith_a96@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>From Mr. Smith Anderson.</title>
</head>
<body><p>OML SA , 2nd Floor, Building 3,
Grayston Drive, Sandton, Jo,burg,
South 
Africa.

Dear,
 I am Mr.Smith Anderso the Head of Audit Department, 
African Developemnet Bank,south Africa And for reasons which will 
become obvious to you as you read on, I obtained your address 
particulars from an Internet address listing. Please exercise some 
patience and read through my message. 

I have a very urgent and 
confidential business proposition for you. On June 6th 1999, a Crude 
Oil Contractor with the Kuwait National Petroleum Corporation, Engr. 
Ahmed Youseff Mustafa , a national of kuwait, made a numbered time ( 
fixed) deposit for 12 calendar months, value $36MUSD (Thirty six 
million United States dollars only)in my branch. 

On maturity, we sent 
a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. 
After a month, we sent a reminder and finally, his contract employers, 
the Kuwait National Petroleum Corporation wrote to inform us that Engr. 
A Y Mustafa died on an automobile accident; that he died without making 
a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin through the kuwait 
embassy were fruitless. I therefore made further investigations and 
discovered that Mr. Mustafa had actively opposed the Government of his 
country kuwait, and was consequently driven into exile. 

My proposal 
therefore is that, I am looking for a foreigner who will stand in as 
the next of kin to Mr. Mustafa. It is not necessary to be a blood 
relation to Mr. Mustafa, nor have the same name. It is not also 
necessary to come from the same Country. I have worked out the 
modalities to achieve my aim of appointing a next of kin, and therefore 
also by this means we transfer this money total $36MUSD abroad for us 
to share. No one will ever come forward to claim it now, and according 
to South African law,after 9 years, the money will automatically revert 
to the Government Treasury if the Account owner is a foreigner, and 
certified dead, and there is no valid claim. This indeed, is the 
situation. The money transfer paperwork itself will include a 
certificate of origin so that the receiving bank does not ask questions 
or refuse the money as money laundering. Also, the paperwork will 
include proper certification that the funds being transferred are from 
non criminal sources. 

In short this will be a proper and legal money 
transfer and there is no risk!. Once you indicate your interest I will 
initiate the processing of the transfer and in about 14 working days 
the money total $36MUSD will be in your nominated bank account for us 
to share in the ratio of 70% for me and 30% for you. Looking forward to 
your urgent reply. Reply to this email:smith_ad505@yahoo.com 
Yours 
truly,
Mr.Smith Anderso.




</p>

</body></html>