<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="193.220.212.58 " />
<meta name="subject" content="urgent reply needed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="engkentas@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal " />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-requirements" content="" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="(Recipient List Suppressed)@mail.UM " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent reply needed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;43cfb1e2.3b9.574.2715@babbalu.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authenticated-User" content="engkentas_cbn@babbalu.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;43cfb1e2.3b9.574.2715@babbalu.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Eng. Kentas Anderson&quot; &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Eng. Kentas Anderson &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-19T15:36:02Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-19T15:36:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1o, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan 19 10:40:20 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-server" content="High Performance Mail Server - http://surgemail.com r=-823180651" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="engkentas@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="engkentas_cbn@babbalu.com " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Eng. Kentas Anderson" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Eng. Kentas Anderson&quot; &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Eng. Kentas Anderson &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1o, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Eng. Kentas Anderson &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;43cfb1e2.3b9.574.2715@babbalu.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Server" content="High Performance Mail Server - http://surgemail.com r=-823180651" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Eng. Kentas Anderson&quot; &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Eng. Kentas Anderson &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-19T15:36:02Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="(Recipient List Suppressed)@mail.UM " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="@mail.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="engkentas@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Eng. Kentas Anderson&quot; &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Eng. Kentas Anderson &lt;engkentas@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authenticated-user" content="engkentas_cbn@babbalu.com " />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="engkentas_cbn@babbalu.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="193.220.212.58" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2100" />
<title>urgent reply needed</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attention please,

Listen and listen good.. 
Keep this mail and information very confidential. 
 
I am the new Information and Database analyst of the
Treasury/Payment Investigation Department of the Central
Bank of Nigeria.The earlier you pay candid attention to this
particular email,the better for you.I noticed this just last
week when I was going through several out-going payment
files on my desk to mark the last payment quarter of CBN.
 
I'm contacting you to stop you from any further contact to
anybody whatsoever.Both the people that have contacted you
so far are not protecting your financial interest here.They
are only planning to use your good name to claim and channel
your fund to other sources for their selfish interest. 
 
I have decided to contact you through this important medium
because CBN as the Apex Bank of Federal Republic of Nigeria
have intercepted your fund as a result of fraudulent
activities noticed among those that claims to be helping
you.I'm pushed to CONTACT you because from what is going on
here,if appropriate step is not taken, you will end up
making the biggest mistake of your life if I fail  to bring
this important message concerning the position of your fund
to you.
Take heed to my mail and its content it will help and avoid
you from making a mistake.I'm out to help you.
 
I therefore contacted you on trust and with complete
confidence that you should as a matter of utmost importance,
STOP any further contact with anybody,person or group
including your so-called representing attorney because apart
from me,no other person can help you get the 
fund transfered to your account in your country. 
 
REQUIREMENTS:
I want you to contact me upon reciept of this mail so that I
would guide you on how to get your fund directly transfered
to your own nominated account at ease. 
I will personally get any complications corrected at my own
expense as soon as possible so that legal transfer of the
fund to your account would commence. 
 
I can assure you that after the corrections,within 72 hours
the fund must be in your designated account. I will oblige
you with further information and would be glad you send your
private telephone /facsimile number for easy and
confidential communication. 
 
MY CONDITIONS: 
1.After using my good office/position to accomplish the
needful on 
your behalf,you shall give me 20% only of the total fund
after 
transfer to your account. 
2.Due to my position in the bank,I will prefer that you keep
my personal involvement 100% secret and confidential even
after the transfer is executed.
 
A stitch in time they say saves nine.This is the only
reliable channel for you otherwise all other efforts MUST be
in vain. 
 
I will send my personal details to you once I hear directly
from you.

 
ENGR.KENTAS ANDERSON

INFORMATION TECH &amp; DATA ANALYST TREASURY 
PAYMENT INVESTIGATION DEPT 
(CBN). 
 




PLEASE NOTE;


This message and any attachment is intended only for the use
of the
Addressee and may contain information that is PRIVILEGED and
CONFIDENTIAL.
If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any
dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have
received this communication in error, please erase all
copies of the 
message
and its attachments and notify us immediately.  Thank You.





</p>

</body></html>