<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content=" REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP  !!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR IBRAHIM BELLO" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ibrahim bello &lt;ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-21T09:44:15Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dr_ibrahimbb@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dr_ibrahimbb@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP  !!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="21 Jan 2006 09:44:16.0020 (UTC) FILETIME=[3E306540:01C61E6F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR IBRAHIM BELLO" />
<meta name="creator" content="ibrahim bello &lt;ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR IBRAHIM BELLO" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ibrahim bello &lt;ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-21T09:44:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-21T09:44:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-phone" content="00226-76-441-987" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="21 Jan 2006 09:44:16.0020 (UTC) FILETIME=[3E306540:01C61E6F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jan 21 04:44:26 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com&gt; (TOP  --  SECRET)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ibrahim bello" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR IBRAHIM BELLO" />
<meta name="Author" content="ibrahim bello &lt;ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2106" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ibrahim bello &lt;ibrahim_bell13@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title> REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP  !!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:DR IBRAHIM BELLO
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT
BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A)
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO
WEST AFRICA.
PHONE:00226-76-441-987

Attention Please,
                                                      (TOP  --  SECRET)
I am Dr Ibrahim  Bello , the director in charge of auditing and accounting 
section
Bank Of Africa(B.O.A) Ouagadougou Burkina-faso West Africa.

With due respect and regard. I have decided to contact you on a business 
transaction that will be very beneficial for both of us at the end of it.

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died on 
October 31st 2002 in a plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his 
account with this Bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either 
from his family or relatives before our discovery to this development.

The said amount was U.S $22.2M (twenty two million two hundred thousand 
United States dollars).

As it may interest you to know, I got your impressive information through 
the Burkina-faso chamber of foreign relations here in Ouagadougou 
Burkina-faso.

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the 
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required approval and transfer 
this money to a foreign account has been put in place and directives and 
needed information will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your 
interest and willingness to assist me and also benefit your self to this 
great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant(As a Banker),we are not allowed to operate a 
foreign account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the 
time of transfer because I work in this bank.

This is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who 
will forward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust of oath to 
the Bank and also present a foreign account where he will need the money to 
be re-transferred into on his request as it may be after due verification 
and clarification by the correspondent branch of the bank where the whole 
money will be remitted from to your own designation bank account.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On 
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 10% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone 
bills, while 60% will be for me . Please, you have been adviced to keep 
"TOP-SECRET" as I am still in service and intend to retire from service 
after we conclude this deal .

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm 
the money in your account and ask me to come down to your country for 
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and  further  investment, either in your country or any country you advice 
me  to invest in.

All other necessary information will be sent to you when I hear from you.if 
you are really sure of your integrity reply me immediately or you call me on 
my mobile phone .

Yours faithfully,

Dr Ibrahim Bello.
00226-76-441-987.

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>