<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-dir" content=":/base/3rdparty/squirrelmail/src" />
<meta name="subject" content=" " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lingeng@bochk.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;4562.196.3.62.3.1137934821.squirrel@www5.stonewebs.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        (SquirrelMail authenticated user project09@oakley-financial.net)        by www5.stonewebs.com with HTTP;        Sun, 22 Jan 2006 21:00:21 +0800 (HKT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;4562.196.3.62.3.1137934821.squirrel@www5.stonewebs.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Lin Geng&quot; &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Lin Geng &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-22T13:00:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-22T13:00:21Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source" content="/usr/local/cpanel/3rdparty/bin/php" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan 22 08:24:24 2006" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Lin Geng" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&lt;oakley@www5.stonewebs.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Lin Geng&quot; &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Lin Geng &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source" content="/usr/local/cpanel/3rdparty/bin/php" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Lin Geng &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;4562.196.3.62.3.1137934821.squirrel@www5.stonewebs.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Lin Geng&quot; &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Lin Geng &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-22T13:00:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-args" content="/usr/local/cpanel/3rdparty/bin/php /usr/local/cpanel/base/3rdparty/squirrelmail/src/compose.php " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Primary Hostname - www5.stonewebs.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Original Domain - aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32083 500] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Sender Address Domain - bochk.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="lingeng5@yahoo.com.cn" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.4" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="lingeng5@yahoo.com.cn" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.4" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Lin Geng&quot; &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Lin Geng &lt;lingeng@bochk.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 by www5.stonewebs.com with HTTP;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Primary Hostname - www5.stonewebs.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Original Domain - aclweb.org" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32083 500] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Sender Address Domain - bochk.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Dir" content=":/base/3rdparty/squirrelmail/src" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; (SquirrelMail authenticated user project09@oakley-financial.net) Sun, 22 Jan 2006 21:00:21 +0800 (HKT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&lt;oakley@www5.stonewebs.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Args" content="/usr/local/cpanel/3rdparty/bin/php /usr/local/cpanel/base/3rdparty/squirrelmail/src/compose.php " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2108" />
<title> </title>
</head>
<body><p>Greetings!

May I take the liberty to introduce myself; I am Mr. Lin Geng. I am a
staff and a member Audit Committee of a reputable Bank in China. I am
contacting you concerning a customer here and, an investment placed under
our Care sometime ago. I would respectfully request that you keep the
contents of this mail confidential and respect the integrity of this
information. I contacted you independently of our investigation and nobody
else is informed of this communication. I would like to intimate you with
certain facts that I believe would be of interest to you. In 2000, the
subject matter came to our parent bank to engage in business discussions
with our Private Banking Services Department. He informed us that he had a
financial portfolio in United States Dollars, which he wished to have us
turn over (invest) on his behalf. We spun the money around various
opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months of
operation, the accrued profit was very impressive. He later directed that
I liquidate the funds and had it deposited with a security firm.

In October last year, we were contacted by the security firm informing us
of the Issues concerning that particular portfolio. This was a surprise
given the fact that I personally managed the said funds yet I cannot
understand the inactivity of the deposit. We made several unsuccessful
efforts to locate him. The Internal Investigations department of the bank
of china was invited and they went into action and later informed that a
person who suited is description was found dead in Cannes South of France.
His body was later identified and cause of death was confirmed. An
investigation into possible surviving next of kin to alert about the
situation and also to come forward to claim his estate was launched.
Private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually
in most cases leave wills in our care, in this case; he died intestate.

In line with banking policies for account holders who have passed away, we
instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine who should
have right to claim the estate. This investigation has for the past months
been unfruitful. We have scanned every continent and used our private
investigation affiliate companies to get to the root of the problem. My
official capacity dictates that I supervise the investigation and conclude
making me the only person with a full picture of what the prevailing
situation is in relation to the deposit and the late beneficiary of the
deposit. According to practice, the firm will by the end of this financial
quarter broadcast a request for statements of claim to BOC, failing to
receive viable claims they will most probably revert the deposit back to
BOC. What I wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but I
want you to understand something. It is only an outsider to the banking
world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational.
The world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for
those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios. You
should have begun by now to put together the general direction of what I
propose. This deposit is very huge with the details in my possession and
will only be released on my clarification. This bank has spent great
amounts of money trying to track this man's family; they have investigated
for months and have found no family

My proposal; is to place you in the position of the next of kin and have
the deposit released to you. Upon receipt of the deposit, I am prepared to
share the money with you favorably. That is: I will simply nominate you as
the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you. We share the
proceeds 60/30. I assure you that I could have the deposit released to you
within a few working days. I will simply inform the bank of the final
closing of the file relating to the customer I will then officially
communicate with firm clarifying and confirming you with proper
documentations and thereafter have the funds released to you. The
alternative would be for us to have firm direct the funds to another bank
with you as account holder. This way there will be no need for you to
think of receiving the money from the firm. We can fine-tune this based on
our interactions. I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. I ask
that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this
mail and not be vindictive and destructive. There is a reward for this
project and it is a task worth undertaking. I have evaluated the risks and
the only risk I have here is from you refusing to work with me and
alerting my bank. I am the only one who knows of this situation, let's
share the blessing.

If you find yourself able to work with me, contact me. If you give me your
trust and confidence, we shall rejoice and our lives will never be the
same again. Please do not contact me via official channels. Please observe
this instruction religiously. Please, again, note I am a family man; I
have a wife and children. I send you this mail not without a measure of
fear as to the consequences, yet I know within me that nothing ventured is
nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter
of gold. This is the one truth I have learned from my private banking
clients. Do not betray my confidence. If we can be of one accord, we
should plan a meeting soon.

I await your response.

Thanks
Lin Geng






</p>

</body></html>