<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO I am soliciting your willingness to help me explore possible areas we" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M Meanwhile, before the death of my father he had taken me to Bangkok" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M Meanwhile, before the death of my father he had taken me to Bangkok" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1816547937-1137987898=:99865" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060123034459.2842.qmail@web35704.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=DGegrfscFqpUHb3GKDEGqMbfBVvalyrq8VZmn8Ukf5vIFkR9mNFd8tNwvVYyrEd+43Zc830FwYzxIkPpV8aDim6hUDFhh1n+hwSP1IonsLRywrEmeH2/FoTAXKtXbR8QuMwLjjGqBm7FvY19XCGHge/UIKGgbwaGbFuTX3oud2o=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit I am in  now saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit " />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060123034459.2842.qmail@web35704.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; I got to know of you in my search for a reputable person/company to late Mr.Darby Assinga &lt;BR&gt;Taylor. who died last 3 years in the crisis in liberia, western Africa. My &lt;BR&gt;late father is&amp;nbsp;an aide to exile president Charles Taylor, died as a result &lt;BR&gt;of uprising against his Government by rebel groups.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Meanwhile, before the death of my father he had taken me to Bangkok &lt;BR&gt;Thailand to deposit the sum of&amp;nbsp;SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND US &lt;BR&gt;Dollars ($7.5million US Dollars) in january 2001 at a Security Company. &lt;BR&gt;Initially, he intended investing this money in a garment factory in &lt;BR&gt;Bangkok, before the rebel forces assasinated him. This money was deposited &lt;BR&gt;as Gemstones to avoid much demurrage from the Security Company. This &lt;BR&gt;money was part of millions of dollars the president mapped out for the &lt;BR&gt;purchase of &lt;BR&gt;ammunitions,militaryhard/softwares,light and heavy duty vehicles and &lt;BR&gt;other defensive logistics. My late father sensing the weakness of the &lt;BR&gt;ruling Government, he took me to" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1816547937-1137987898=" content="99865 We look unto God for your" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1816547937-1137987898=" content="99865" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1816547937-1137987898=" content="99865--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=DGegrfscFqpUHb3GKDEGqMbfBVvalyrq8VZmn8Ukf5vIFkR9mNFd8tNwvVYyrEd+43Zc830FwYzxIkPpV8aDim6hUDFhh1n+hwSP1IonsLRywrEmeH2/FoTAXKtXbR8QuMwLjjGqBm7FvY19XCGHge/UIKGgbwaGbFuTX3oud2o=  ; Attn,Sir/Madam, id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;  &lt;DIV id=RTEContent&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;FROM THE DESK OF: ENG, LEONARD WELSH TAYLOR.&lt;BR&gt;{ASYLUM SEEKER} BANGKOK,THAILAND&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Attn,Sir/Madam,&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;I got to know of you in my search for a reputable person/company to &lt;BR&gt;assist me in an urgent matter/business that would certainly boost &lt;BR&gt;the financial standard of all parties involved when completed, which also &lt;BR&gt;requires utmost trust and confidentiality.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;I am Mr. Leonard Welsh Taylor, first son to" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;leonardwelshtaylor@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan 22 22:45:06 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;leonardwelshtaylor@yahoo.com&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; FROM THE DESK OF: ENG, LEONARD WELSH TAYLOR. " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 As he returned from arms negotiation from eastern Europe, he was" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2110" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060123034459.2842.qmail@web35704.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; I got to know of you in my search for a reputable person/company to late Mr.Darby Assinga &lt;BR&gt;Taylor. who died last 3 years in the crisis in liberia, western Africa. My &lt;BR&gt;late father is&amp;nbsp;an aide to exile president Charles Taylor, died as a result &lt;BR&gt;of uprising against his Government by rebel groups.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Meanwhile, before the death of my father he had taken me to Bangkok &lt;BR&gt;Thailand to deposit the sum of&amp;nbsp;SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND US &lt;BR&gt;Dollars ($7.5million US Dollars) in january 2001 at a Security Company. &lt;BR&gt;Initially, he intended investing this money in a garment factory in &lt;BR&gt;Bangkok, before the rebel forces assasinated him. This money was deposited &lt;BR&gt;as Gemstones to avoid much demurrage from the Security Company. This &lt;BR&gt;money was part of millions of dollars the president mapped out for the &lt;BR&gt;purchase of &lt;BR&gt;ammunitions,militaryhard/softwares,light and heavy duty vehicles and &lt;BR&gt;other defensive logistics. My late father sensing the weakness of the &lt;BR&gt;ruling Government, he took me to" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body>                                                                                                                                            FROM THE DESK OF: ENG, LEONARD WELSH TAYLOR.
{ASYLUM SEEKER} BANGKOK,THAILAND
  Attn,Sir/Madam,
  I got to know of you in my search for a reputable person/company to 
assist me in an urgent matter/business that would certainly boost 
the financial standard of all parties involved when completed, which also 
requires utmost trust and confidentiality.
  I am Mr. Leonard Welsh Taylor, first son to
 late Mr.Darby Assinga 
Taylor. who died last 3 years in the crisis in liberia, western Africa. My 
late father is an aide to exile president Charles Taylor, died as a result 
of uprising against his Government by rebel groups.
  Meanwhile, before the death of my father he had taken me to Bangkok 
Thailand to deposit the sum of SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND US 
Dollars ($7.5million US Dollars) in january 2001 at a Security Company. 
Initially, he intended investing this money in a garment factory in 
Bangkok, before the rebel forces assasinated him. This money was deposited 
as Gemstones to avoid much demurrage from the Security Company. This 
money was part of millions of dollars the president mapped out for the 
purchase of 
ammunitions,militaryhard/softwares,light and heavy duty vehicles and 
other defensive logistics. My late father sensing the weakness of the 
ruling Government, he took me to
 Thailand in january to deposit the money 
in a private security company as family valuables of containing 
gemstones and financial documents.
  As he returned from arms negotiation from eastern Europe, he was 
assasinated by the rebels forces on 11 april 2002 which prompted me to seek 
asylum in Thailand where the money and the whole documents are with me 
right now. This resulted to killing and mass action by the government 
and rebel soldiers. Infact, a lot of people have been killed and they are 
still killing uptill now because of this war of which my father was one 
of the victims. Perhaps, if you are conversant with world news you can 
understand me better.
  It is against this background that I am soliciting need your assistance to 
help and provide a foreign account for us especially sourcing for 
reliable and trustworthy ventures where the money will be invested when 
transferred to
 your account in your country, Since the law of Thailand 
prohibits a refugee (asylum seeker) to operate a bank account or to be 
involved in any financial transaction.
  I am in  now saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine 
foreign account into which this money can be transferred without the 
knowledge of my home government who are bent on taking everything we have got. 
At the moment, We are faced with the dilemma of investing this 
amount of money in Thailand for fear of seizure or going through this same 
experience or seizure because of terrorist activities/narcotics agencies.
  I am soliciting your willingness to help me explore possible areas we 
can invest our money in your country.and in a profitable business I 
would equally appreciate your willingness to help me relocate my immediate 
family of three to your country where I will invest the fund.The cash
 is 
($7.5 MILLION US DOLLARS) means for the would-be project is under my 
custody. I will therefore appreciate it, if you can travel to meet with 
me in bangkok,Thailand, hence my permit (Refugee) only allows us to make 
a single trip out of the country gurranted asylum.Again to enable us 
have a memorandum of understanding, discuss on likely profitable and 
reliable ventures where the money will be invested in your country and and 
also promise you 20% per! cent of the total fund for your assistance and 
support in making the transfer a success. after the consignment is 
released from storage.
  This transaction will be successfully concluded within 14 days if you 
accord me your unalloyed and due cooperation and willing to assist me, 
please reply me and include your private E-mail/fax and telephone 
number. Note That this business is 100% risk free and your coming down here 
is gauranteed. This transaction is
 honest, trustworthy and 
confidentiality.Please all replies should be through my private email box email: 
    We look unto God for your 
positive prompt response.
  Yours sincerely,
Engineer, Leonard Welsh Taylor.
(For The Family)
   
   







































































<p>
		</p>


Yahoo! Photos – Showcase holiday pictures in hardcover
 
<a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail_us/taglines/photobooks/*http://pa.yahoo.com/*http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail_us/taglines/photos/evt=38088/*http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph//page?.file=photobook_splash.html">Photo Books</a>. You design it and we’ll bind it!</body></html>