<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLS URGENT REPLY NEEDED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;HULFUMAN  DAVID&quot; &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="HULFUMAN  DAVID &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-25T07:27:58Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="hulfumandav200601@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="hulfumandav200601@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLS URGENT REPLY NEEDED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200601251104.k0PB4pEV024335@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;HULFUMAN  DAVID&quot; &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="HULFUMAN  DAVID &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;HULFUMAN  DAVID&quot; &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="HULFUMAN  DAVID &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-25T07:27:58Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-25T07:27:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 25 06:04:51 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200601251104.k0PB4pEV024335@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="HULFUMAN  DAVID" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;HULFUMAN  DAVID&quot; &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="HULFUMAN  DAVID &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2116" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="HULFUMAN  DAVID &lt;hulfumandav2006@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200601251104.k0PB4pEV024335@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>PLS URGENT REPLY NEEDED</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR. HULFUMAN DAVID
GHANA COMMERCIAL
BANK LTD.
19 KOTOBABI AVE.
ACCRA GHANA.
EMAIL&gt;hulfumandav2006002@yahoo.ca

Good Day,

I am Mr.HULFUMAN DAVID, credit officer of ghana
commercial Bank Ltd, accra ghana. I  have an urgent
and  very confidential business proposition for you.
On october 15, 1999, our client Mr. Hatem Kamil Abdul
Fatah who was the deputy governor of Baghdad in Iraq
and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit
for 12 calendar months, with a value of  Fourty
Millions Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars
only in my branch.
Upon maturity several notice was sent to him, even
after the war late this year.  Another notification
was sent and still no response
came from him. We later find out that the Governor has
been
assasinated in Baghdad.
The websites below is a verification of the news about
his death:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/world/middle_east/3970619.stm
http://www.uslaboragainstwar.org/article.php?id=6979
After further investigation it was also discovered
that Mr. Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah did not declare any
next of kin in his official papers including the paper
work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in
me,last time he was at my office that no one except
me knew of his deposit in my bank.
According to the ghana Law,under ecowas's foreign and
defense affairs,at the expiration of 5 (five)
years,such funds will revert to the ownership of the
ghanian Government for financing military
operations,such as purchasing of arms and ammunitions
for the military.
In order to avert this negative development,i will
like to seek for your permission as a foreigner to
stand as the next of kin to  Mr. Hatem Kamil Abdul
Fatah so that the fruits of this old man's labor will
not be use for financing weapons which will further
enhance the courses of war in the world in general.
The money will be paid into your account for us to
share in the ratio of 60% for me and 30% for you and
10% for Expenses Incurred in the course of the
transaction.There is no risk at all as all the
paperwork  for this transaction will be done by my
attorney and with my position as the credit officer
guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction. If you are interested,please reply
immediately.
Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more
details and that will help you understand the
transaction.
You should observe utmost confidentiality,and rest
assured  that this  transaction would be most
profitable for both of us because I shall require your
assistance to invest my share in your country.
Awaiting your urgent reply.
Thanks and regards.
Mr.HULFUMAN DAVID.
EMAIL&gt;hulfumandav2006002@yahoo.ca





</p>

</body></html>