<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" Urgent Assistance From South Africa." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. TAMBO &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="871 - 762535915" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="27 - 835948129" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="engranthony_zuma@lycos.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-12T05:35:33Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="871 - 762535916" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;tambo_v@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" Urgent Assistance From South Africa." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;tambo_v@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-alternative" content="E-mail address:erickerick39@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305120604.h4C64CX24499@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. TAMBO &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. TAMBO &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-12T05:35:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-12T05:35:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 12 02:04:20 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt; STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305120604.h4C64CX24499@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. TAMBO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR. TAMBO&quot; &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. TAMBO &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-211" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. TAMBO &lt;engranthony_zuma@lycos.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305120604.h4C64CX24499@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title> Urgent Assistance From South Africa.</title>
</head>
<body><p>                     STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT.

TEL: 871 - 762535915
FAX: 871 - 762535916
TEL: 27 - 835948129

Alternative:E-mail address:erickerick39@latinmail.com

Dear Sir,

I am Mr.Tambo, a native of Cape Town in South Africa and I am an Executive
Accountant with the South Africa Department of Mining &amp; Natural Resources.
First and foremost, I apologized using this medium to reach you for a
transaction/business of this magnitude, but this is due to Confidentiality
and prompt access reposed on this medium. Be informed that a member of the
South Africa Export Promotion Council (SEPC) who was at the Government
delegation to your country during a trade exhibition gave your enviable
credentials/particulars to me. I have decided to seek a confidential
co-operation with you in the execution of the deal described hereunder for
the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it as a top secret
because of the nature of this transaction.

Within the Department of Mining &amp; Natural Resources where I work as an
Executive Accountant and with the cooperation of four other top officials,
we have in our possession as overdue payment bills totaling Twenty - Six
Million, Five Hundred Thousand U. S. Dollars ($26,500,000.) which we 
want to transfer abroad with the assistance and cooperation of a foreign
company/individual to receive the said fund on our behalf or a reliable
foreign non-company account to receive such funds. More so, we are
handicapped in the circumstances, as the South Africa Civil Service Code
of Conduct does not allow us to operate offshore account hence your
importance in the whole transaction.

This amount $26.5m represents the balance of the total contract value
executed on behalf of my Department by a foreign contracting firm, which
we the officials over-invoiced deliberately. Though the actual contract
cost have been paid to the original contractor, leaving the balance in the 
tune of the said amount which we have in principles gotten approval to
remit by Telegraphic Transfer (T.T) to any foreign bank account you will
provide by filing in an application through the Justice Ministry here in
South Africa for the transfer of rights and privileges of the former
contractor to you.

I have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you be
willing to assist us in the transaction, your share of the sum will be 25%
of the $26,.5 million, 70% for us and 5% for taxation and miscellaneous
expenses. The business itself is 100% safe, on your part provided you 
treat it with utmost secrecy and confidentiality. Also your area of
specialization is not a hindrance to the successful execution of this
transaction. I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will
not disappoint me. Endeavor to contact me immediately through my above
Tel/Fax number or 
my e-mail address, whether or not you are interested in this deal. If you
are not, it will enable me scout for another foreign partner to carry out
this deal I want to assure you that my partners and myself are in a
position to make the payment of this claim possible provided you can give
us a very strong 
Assurance and guarantee that our share will be secured and please remember
to treat this matter as very confidential matter, because we will not
comprehend with any form of exposure as we are still in active Government
Service and remember once again that time is of the essence in this
business.
I wait in anticipation of your fullest co-operation.

Yours faithfully,

Mr. Tambo   


</p>

</body></html>