<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="COMPLIMENT,FROM MRS VICTORIA FATOU SANKOH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrsvictoria Sankoh&quot; &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrsvictoria Sankoh &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-25T09:06:51Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="You are advise to only reply with this" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="mrsvictoria_fatou@operamail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="mrsvictoria_fatou@operamail.com for security reasons." />
<meta name="dc:title" content="COMPLIMENT,FROM MRS VICTORIA FATOU SANKOH" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="25 Jan 2006 09:06:52.0090 (UTC) FILETIME=[AE5AD9A0:01C6218E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrsvictoria Sankoh&quot; &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrsvictoria Sankoh &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrsvictoria Sankoh&quot; &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrsvictoria Sankoh &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-25T09:06:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-25T09:06:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="25 Jan 2006 09:06:52.0090 (UTC) FILETIME=[AE5AD9A0:01C6218E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 25 04:07:03 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrsvictoria Sankoh" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrsvictoria Sankoh&quot; &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrsvictoria Sankoh &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2118" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrsvictoria Sankoh &lt;mrsvictoria10000@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>COMPLIMENT,FROM MRS VICTORIA FATOU SANKOH</title>
</head>
<body><p>COMPLIMENT,FROM MRS VICTORIA FATOU SANKOH
Email:mrsvictoria_fatou@operamail.com

I do hope my letter will not embarrass you since there was no previous
Correspondence held with you. MY Getting your address is the handwork of
thealmighty God. Since then, I have been very much hopeful that you will
assist us irrespective of the fact that the present world is full of
dishonesty and distrust.

Firstly, I will wish to introduce myself. I am Mrs.VICTORIA FATOU SANKOH,
from Sierra Leone; I am the wife of, CPL FODAY SANKOH.My husband was the
Leader of the Revolutionary United Front until he was dethroned and
arrested early last year by President TEJAN KABBAH who later handed him
over tothe United Nations war crime tribunal were he later died in
detention. As a result of this position in the government, my son (SAM
SANKOH) and l triedandlatersucceeded in securing some of his assets,
which include mansions and physical cash. This is to avoid The present
government from confiscating his entire property.

We left Sierra Leone with the total amount US$26.5 Million (Twenty Six
Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) only, which we Brought
to NIGERIA anddeposited same with UNION BANK PLC OF NIGERIA, as valuable
documents belonging to our foreign affiliate. After depositing the money, my
family and I were asked to leave NIGERIA and was made public on NIGERIA
National Headlines, we were left with no option than to seek refuge in my
homeland in SierraLeone . The security company later asked me, to come and
claim the consignment immediately to avoid the money being confiscated.

I arrived here a couple of days agoand through a good contact l applied
for a refugee status as an asylum seeker, which is still pending in Foreign
Affairs Departmen t.Theproblemnowisthatbecause of our status, we
cannot risk moving the money without help hence I am looking for a
trustworthy partner, who can help me move this money out of NIGERIA . In
that case, I want to know if you can help me transfer the fund into your
account in your country or elsewhere since time is not on my side.

As a widow of six children Ineed your urgent attention to this matter. It
is true that we have neither met nor known each other before, but the
information I gathered of your credibility makes me believe that with trust
and honesty we will achieve a huge success in about a week. I will also
leave with you from NIGERIA to yourcountry immediately the money goes into
your account. This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your

1.Your full names
2.Contact address
3.Yourdirect telephone and Fax number
4.Your age
5.Your marital status

Based on the following informaion bee n providebyyouMylawyer,whoknow
allthe full details on how you will received the fund will prepare the
necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the owner
of the fund.

For your noble assistance and well assured of safeguarding the whole Fund
under your care, I will offer you 40% of the total sum, while 10% will be
set aside for expenses incurred onthe cause of this transaction by both
parties, while the remaining %50 will be for me and my family. I want to
assure you that this business is completely risk free because every
arrangement has been made for a successful deal.

I expect your immediate response so that we can conclude theTransaction in
the very shortest time. It is very important that you keep this business
HIGHY CONFIDENTIAL because I do not want anything to happen to this fund.
Thanksand God bless.
Best regards,
Mrs.Victoria F Sankoh

Note: You are advise to only reply with this
Email:mrsvictoria_fatou@operamail.com for security reasons.




</p>

</body></html>