<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL AND INVESTMENT IN YOUR COUNTRY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN&quot; &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-26T20:13:15Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="hassan_suleman1970@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="hassan_suleman1970@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL AND INVESTMENT IN YOUR COUNTRY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200601262108.k0QL8nt1000498@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN&quot; &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN&quot; &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-26T20:13:15Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-26T20:13:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan 26 16:08:57 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200601262108.k0QL8nt1000498@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN&quot; &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2120" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN &lt;hassansuleman@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200601262108.k0QL8nt1000498@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PROPOSAL AND INVESTMENT IN YOUR COUNTRY</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN
TEL:+225 05 618 191
EMAIL:hassan_suleman1970@yahoo.co.in
EMAIL:hassan_suleman1976@yahoo.co.in
ABIDJAN,COTE DIVOIRE.
WEST AFRICA.
Dear Sir,
BUSINESS PROPOSAL AND INVESTMENT IN YOUR COUNTRY

I got your contact through our chember of commerce and
industry.

I am contacting you for a mutual business relationship
and for you to act as my guardian in a joint business
venture that we will operate together.
After praying, my mind asked me to go ahead and
contact you for this partnership.
My name is PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN, the only son of
Late ALHAJI USMAN SULEMAN. My mother died on the
22nd of October, 1985 of cancer and my father was
assassinated on the 28th of April 2003 by an unknown
person in Abidjan, Cote dIvoire.
My father was a gold and cocoa merchant based in
Ghana/Cote dIvoire.Breifly before he died in a
hospital here in Abidjan, Cote dIvoire due to
injuries he sustained from the gunshots. He told me
about the sum of US$45M(Forty Five Million United States
Dollars) belonging to him in a suspense account with
one of our local Bank here in Abidjan, Cote dIvoire.
That he willed the money to me in his will, with his
attorney. He asked me to seek for a foreign partner
Who will assist me in transferring the money out of
Abidjan, CotedIvoire to a foreign account for
investment purpose. Then help me make arrangement
after the transfer to leave this country. That those
people that killed him may be after me.
According to my late fathers will, the money cannot
be released to me without a foreign partner until at
the age of 37 years. It can only be transferred from
the Bank here to the account of my foreign partner
before I attain the age of 37 years. Presently I am
34years old and can not seat here for the next 3years
waiting for the maturity date, while my life is in
danger. This is my reason for contacting you to assist
me present your self as my foreign partner and also
provide foreign account where this fund will be
transferred to.I have already contacted my fathers
attorney here in respect of this transaction. He is
waiting to hear from my foreign partner for us to
start the process for the transfer of the funds.
I would have done this since but according to our
tradition. I have to wait till its one year after my
fathers death as a mark of respect before embarking
on such project. So that it will not look like if I am
just after his money like my uncle. Since the death of
my father, I have been with my fathers brother in
Ghana. Honestly the way he is treating me, make me
to be suspecting him that he knows some thing about my
late fathers death.
Based on this, I left his house with out his consent.
Presently I am in Abidjan,Cote d Ivoire. He dont
know my way about and will never know. This is why I
need your assistance so urgent for us to finalise this
transaction as soon as possible for me to leave this
Country.
You will be given 40% as compensation for your
assistance and effort before any thing is done with
the money. If you are interested and feel that you
can handle this project. Please get back to me for
more details and as well as indicate your private
Tel/Fax numbers where I can always reach you, when
the need arises.
I await to hear from you.
Thanks and God bless.
PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN




</p>

</body></html>