<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="danchy9@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Nguyen Hoan T&quot; &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Nguyen Hoan T &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="danchy9@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-27T02:38:06Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F1017A80B9C338828EAD076E5140@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="27 Jan 2006 02:38:06.0350 (UTC) FILETIME=[B3F4E2E0:01C622EA]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Thu, 26 Jan 2006 18:38:06 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F1017A80B9C338828EAD076E5140@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[danchy9@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Nguyen Hoan T&quot; &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Nguyen Hoan T &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Nguyen Hoan T&quot; &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Nguyen Hoan T &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-27T02:38:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-27T02:38:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="27 Jan 2006 02:38:06.0350 (UTC) FILETIME=[B3F4E2E0:01C622EA]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="danchy9@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan 26 21:38:16 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[danchy9@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt; Thu, 26 Jan 2006 18:38:06 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Nguyen Hoan T" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Nguyen Hoan T&quot; &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Nguyen Hoan T &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2121" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Nguyen Hoan T &lt;danchy9@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F1017A80B9C338828EAD076E5140@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE ASSIST ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MR.ABDUL UMAR
DIRECTOR IN CHARGE OF AUDITING
AND ACCOUNTING SECTION OF BANQUE
GENERALE DU TOGO,
LOME-TOGO IN WEST AFRICA.

DEAR FRIEND

Permit me to use this medium to first introduce myself to you before getting 
you acquinted with the transaction for which i am contacting you. I am Mr 
ABDUL UMAR, the director in charge of auditing and accounting section of 
BANQUE GENERALE DU TOGO, Lome Togo in west Africa.  With due respect and 
regard. I have decided to contact you on a business transaction that
will be very beneficial to both of us at the end of the transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died on 
31st October 1999 in a plane crash;flight number 990 en route from new york 
to cairo which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean killing the 217
passengers and crew members on board and the fund has been dormant in his 
account with this Bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either 
from his family or relation before our discovery to this development.

Although personally, I keep this information secret within myself and 
partners to enable the whole plans and idea be Profitable and successful 
during the time of execution. The said amount was us$14M (fourteen million 
united states dollars).  As it may interest you to know, I got your
impressive information from the web directory of my country when searching 
for a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who could help me champion a 
business proposal of such magnitude without any problem.

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the 
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required approval and transfer 
this money to a foreign account has been put in place and directives and 
needed information will be relayed to you as soon as
you indicate your interest and willingness to assist us and also benefit 
your self to this great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant, we are not allowed to operate a foreign account 
and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of 
transfer because I work in this bank. This is the actual reason why it
will require a second party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of 
kin with affidavit of trust of oath to the Bank and also present a foreign 
account where he will need the money to be re-transferred into on his 
request as it may be after due verification and clarification by the
correspondent branch of the bank where the whole money will be remitted from 
to your own designation bank account.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free.

On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 20% of the 
total sum as
gratification, while 5% will be set aside to take care of expenses that may 
arise during the time of transfer and also telephone bills, while 75% will 
be for me and my partners.

Please, you have been adviced to keep top secret as we are still in active 
service and intend to retire from service after we conclude this deal with 
you.  I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you 
confirm the money in your account and ask us to come down to your
country for subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages 
previously indicated and further investment, either in your country or any 
country you advice us to invest in.

All other necessary information will be sent to you when I hear from you. I 
suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish in this 
deal on my confidential email address: abdul_umar1@canada.com

Yours faithfully,
MR.ABDUL UMAR.




</p>

</body></html>