<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="ATTENTION  PLEASE  !!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Olesito Armstrong&quot; &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Olesito Armstrong &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-01-28T01:00:13Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mr_olesito@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F13CA93F4B7AC83805741FDE6170@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mr_olesito@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ATTENTION  PLEASE  !!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="28 Jan 2006 01:00:15.0925 (UTC) FILETIME=[3352DE50:01C623A6]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Fri, 27 Jan 2006 17:00:15 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F13CA93F4B7AC83805741FDE6170@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Olesito Armstrong&quot; &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Olesito Armstrong &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Olesito Armstrong&quot; &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Olesito Armstrong &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-01-28T01:00:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-01-28T01:00:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="28 Jan 2006 01:00:15.0925 (UTC) FILETIME=[3352DE50:01C623A6]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 27 20:00:29 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; Fri, 27 Jan 2006 17:00:15 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Olesito Armstrong" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Olesito Armstrong&quot; &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Olesito Armstrong &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2124" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Olesito Armstrong &lt;mr_olesitoarmstrongswiss40@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F13CA93F4B7AC83805741FDE6170@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>ATTENTION  PLEASE  !!</title>
</head>
<body><p>
My name is Mr.Olesito Armstrong. A member of Independent Committee of 
Eminent Persons (ICEP), Switzerland. ICEP is charged with the Responsibility 
of finding bank accounts in Switzerland belonging to Non-Swiss indigenes, 
which have remained dormant since World War II.
It may interest you to know that in July of 1997, the Swiss Banker's 
Association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by 
Non-Swiss citizens. These accounts had been dormant since the end of World 
War II (May 9, 1945). Most belonged to Holocaust victims.
The continuing efforts of the Independent Committee of Eminent Persons
(ICEP) have since resulted in the discovery of additional dormant accounts - 
54,000 in December 1995.The published lists contain all types of dormant 
accounts, including Interest-bearing savings accounts, securities accounts, 
safe deposit Boxes, custody accounts, and non-interest-bearing transaction 
accounts. Numbered accounts are also included. Interest is paid on accounts 
that
Were interests bearing when established The Claims Resolution Tribunal (CRT) 
handles processing of all claims on accounts due non-Swiss citizens A 
Dormant account of OKEI JOB with a credit balance of 45,000,000.00 (Forty 
five million us dollars) plus accumulated interest was discovered by me. The 
beneficiary was murdered during the holocaust era, leaving no WILL and no 
possible records for trace of heirs.

The Claims Resolution Tribunal has been mandated to report all unclaimed 
funds for permanent closure of accounts and transfer of existing credit 
balance into the treasury of Switzerland government as provided by the law 
of management of assets of deceased beneficiaries who died interstate 
(living no wills).
Being a top executive at ICEP, I have all secret details and necessary 
Contacts for claim of the funds without any hitch. We can share the Funds 
and use it in investment of our choice.
Due to the sensitive nature of my job, I need a foreigner to HELP claim The 
Funds.
All that is required is for you to provide me with your details for 
Processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim documents For 
transfer of the funds to you. Kindly provide me with your full Name, 
Address, and Telephone/fax. I will do all my possible best to ensure that 
the fund is transferred to a secure, numbered account in your name in any 
Country of your choice and also where you will be capable of accessing the 
Funds Gradually and transferring to your country and other banks of your 
Choice in the world.
My share will be 60 percent and your share is 30 per cent of the total 
Amount. 10 percent will be for all the expenses that the two party will 
Encounters. THERE IS NO RISK INVOLVED.
You can find additional information about unclaimed funds through the 
Internet at the following websites:

http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/

The Holocaust Claims Processing Office has put funds in Escrow awaiting 
submission of valid claims for necessary disbursement. I find myself 
privileged to have this information and this may be a great opportunity for 
a lifetime of success without Risks. Due to security reasons, you can also 
reply to my via email only. You
May reply to me securely on the following email,

Mr_olesito247@myway.com

Thank you for your prompt response.
I hope to hear from you soon.
Mr. Olesito Armstrong




</p>

</body></html>