<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From MissTerasa Kouesssi" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO Nouveau : téléphonez moins cher avec Yahoo! Messenger. Appelez le monde entier à partir de 0,012 €/minute ! Téléchargez la version beta." />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="teresakousssi@yhaoo.fr (3) To make arrangement for me to come over to your country to further my education and to secure a resident permit in your country. Moreover , I am willing to offer you a good percentage from the total sum as compensation for your effort/input after the successful transfer of this fund into your nominated account overseas . Anticipating to hear your response." />
<meta name="Message-To" content="teresakousssi@yhaoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="teresakousssi@yhaoo.fr (3) To make arrangement for me to come over to your country to further my education and to secure a resident permit in your country. Moreover , I am willing to offer you a good percentage from the total sum as compensation for your effort/input after the successful transfer of this fund into your nominated account overseas . Anticipating to hear your response." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1092289234-1138483751=:96155" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060128212911.96840.qmail@web27309.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From MissTerasa Kouesssi" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1092289234-1138483751=" content="96155" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1092289234-1138483751=" content="96155 &lt;hr size=1&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1092289234-1138483751=" content="96155--" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=SHwQqpDJnLSTD71IgNMqVeIYGTIysB+rZUgVsn7mMlEFJYoGwnG15Y5+NAB8NTHdzNL3nFzTtU+RgDyHe9qTfK4AaWRFJT5RjFa+UkbbH8Vd9ypDpEfpa5AAu5F4qesoBOO6pjHiHIvvXWoFRne02Cs8+69jQP4Dhp/0XpId9yM=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit " />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060128212911.96840.qmail@web27309.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; (1) To provide a bank account into which this money would be transferred to." />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=SHwQqpDJnLSTD71IgNMqVeIYGTIysB+rZUgVsn7mMlEFJYoGwnG15Y5+NAB8NTHdzNL3nFzTtU+RgDyHe9qTfK4AaWRFJT5RjFa+UkbbH8Vd9ypDpEfpa5AAu5F4qesoBOO6pjHiHIvvXWoFRne02Cs8+69jQP4Dhp/0XpId9yM=  ; I am MissTerasa Kouesssi .the daughter of late Mr and Mrs Covo Kouesssi. My father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant in Abidjan, the economic capital of Ivory Coast, my father was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outings on a business trip. My mother died when I was a baby and since then my father took me so special. Before the death of my father on FEBUARY 2004 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has a huge amount of fund deposited in a fixed deposit in one of the prime bank here in Abidjan, that he used my name as his only daughter for the next of kin in depositing of the fund. He further explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates. I will want you to assist me in useing it for investment purpose such as real estate management,hotel management , shares etc. I am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;teresakouesssi@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jan 28 16:29:16 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;teresakouesssi@yahoo.fr&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Dear one," />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 God bless you as you help me." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2131" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060128212911.96840.qmail@web27309.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; (1) To provide a bank account into which this money would be transferred to." />
<title>From MissTerasa Kouesssi</title>
</head>
<body>            Dear one, 
  I am MissTerasa Kouesssi .the daughter of late Mr and Mrs Covo Kouesssi. My father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant in Abidjan, the economic capital of Ivory Coast, my father was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outings on a business trip. My mother died when I was a baby and since then my father took me so special. Before the death of my father on FEBUARY 2004 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has a huge amount of fund deposited in a fixed deposit in one of the prime bank here in Abidjan, that he used my name as his only daughter for the next of kin in depositing of the fund. He further explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates. I will want you to assist me in
 useing it for investment purpose such as real estate management,hotel management , shares etc. I am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways. 
  (1) To provide a bank account into which this money would be transferred to.
  (2) To serve as a guardian of this fund since I am only 20 years. 
  (3) To make arrangement for me to come over to your country to further my education and to secure a resident permit in your country. Moreover , I am willing to offer you a good percentage from the total sum as compensation for your effort/input after the successful transfer of this fund into your nominated account overseas . Anticipating to hear your response. 
  God bless you as you help me. 
  MissTerasa Kouesssi.






<p>
		</p>


 
Nouveau : téléphonez moins cher avec Yahoo! Messenger. Appelez le monde entier à partir de 0,012 €/minute ! 
<a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/messenger/mail_taglines/aol/*http://fr.beta.messenger.yahoo.com">Téléchargez</a> la version beta.</body></html>