<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;BEN S. ADAM&quot; &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="BEN S. ADAM &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ben2002a@post.cz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-02T01:25:02Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;windows-125&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ben2002a@emailwave.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ben2002a@emailwave.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ben2002a@emailwave.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ben2002a@post.cz" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-uidl" content="1138843502185332249" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ben2002a@post.cz" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200602020125.k121PB3H009404@mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;BEN S. ADAM&quot; &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="BEN S. ADAM &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Uidl" content="1138843502185332249" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=&quot;windows-125&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;BEN S. ADAM&quot; &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="BEN S. ADAM &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-02T01:25:02Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;windows-125&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-02T01:25:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="&lt;A href=3D&quot;mailto:ben_salifou@yahoo.com&quot;&gt;ben_salifou@yahoo.com&lt;/A&gt; =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="AtMail 4.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb  1 20:25:29 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200602020125.k121PB3H009404@mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="BEN S. ADAM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;BEN S. ADAM&quot; &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="BEN S. ADAM &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="AtMail 4.2" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2140" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="BEN S. ADAM &lt;ben2002a@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200602020125.k121PB3H009404@mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir, </p>



<p>In order to transfer out (USD 45 MILLION) Forty Five million United 

States Dollars) from BANK OF AFRICA (BOA): I have the courage to ask 

for your assistance to handle this important and confidential business 

believing that you will never let me down either now or in future. I am 

MR. BENJAMINE S.ADAM, the OPERATIONAL MANAGER of BANK OF AFRICA, (BOA) 

BENIN. </p>



<p>There is an account opened in this bank in 1989 and since 1996 nobody 

has operated on this account again. After going through some old files 

in the records, I discovered that if I do not remit this money out 

urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. 

The owner of this account is Mr.PAULTON ALLEN, a foreigner, and a miner at D&amp;D INVESMENT CO, a 

geologist by profession and he died since 1996. </p>



<p>No other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it, 

the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me 

as well that this company does not know anything about this account and 

the amount involved is (USD 45M). </p>



<p>I want to transfer the [USD 45M] Forty Five million United States 

Dollars into a safe foreigners account abroad, but I don't know any 

foreigner. </p>



<p>I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money 

can not be approved to a local bank here, but can only be approved to any 

foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner 

of the account is Mr.PAULTON ALLEN a foreigner too. </p>



<p>I know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we dont 

know our selves before, but be sure that it is real and a genuine 

business. </p>



<p>I only got your contact address from my secretary who 

operates computer with believe in God that you will never let me down in this 

business.You are the only person that I have contacted in this 

business, so please reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step to take. </p>



<p>Send also your private telephone and fax numbers including the full 

details of the account to be used for the deposit. I want us to meet 

face to face or sign a binding agreement to bind us together so that you can 

receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice 

where the fund will be safe. </p>



<p>I will fly to your country for withdrawal, sharing and other 

investments. I am contacting you because of the need to involve a 

foreigner with foreign account and to act as a foreign beneficiary. </p>



<p>I need your full co-operation to make this work fine because the 

management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has 

correct information of this account which I will give to you later immediately, 

if you are able and with capability to handle such amount in strict 

confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our 

mutual benefit because this opportunity will never come again in my 

life. </p>



<p>

I need truthful person in this business because I don't want to make 

mistake, I need your strong assurance and trust. With my position now 

in the office I can transfer this money to any foreigner's reliable 

account, which you can provide with assurance that this money will be 

intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing. </p>



<p>I will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this 

money leaving no trace to any place. You can also come to discuss with 

me face to face after which I will make this remittance in your 

presence and two of us will fly to your country so at least two days 

ahead of the money going into the account. </p>



<p>I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I hear from you 

that you are ready to act and receive this fund in your account. </p>



<p>I will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and 

onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate 

clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments. </p>



<p>At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the total 

amount, 60% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties 

might have incurred during the process of transferring. </p>



<p>Please bear in mind that this fund is not 

a looted or stolen money but rather a hard earned money generated.</p>



<p>

Pls if you are willing to work with me, kindly forward to me your 

personal detail to enable me reach you, this includes the following:</p>



<p>1. Your full names</p>



<p>2. Your residential address</p>



<p>3. Your bank account informations</p>



<p>4. Your occupation  </p>



<p>5. Your telephone and fax numbers</p>



<p>6. Including more Preamble about yourself (marital status)

   

  

Below is my alternative Contacts:

 

E-MAIL: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:ben_salifou@yahoo.com">ben_salifou@yahoo.com</a> 

   

PHONE# 229-98-177798</p>



<p>COTONOU BENIN REPUBLIC.

 </p>



<p>I look forward to your earliest reply. </p>



<p>Yours Truly, </p>



<p>

MR. BENJAMINE SALIFOU ADAM</p>



<p> </p>





Msg sent via eMailWave - http://emailwave.com/ - Get your own FREE account and start receiving your eMail.

</body></html>