<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="kindly assist me" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O eath I" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="maryowen1940@yahoo.co.in " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="maryowen1940@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 my husband's efforts to be &lt;BR&gt;used by unbelievers. I don,t want a situation where this money will be used in &lt;BR&gt;an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death &lt;BR&gt;hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the &lt;BR&gt;lord. Exodus 14 vs. 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my &lt;BR&gt;peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this regards because of my &lt;BR&gt;health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don?t &lt;BR&gt;want them to know about this development but I can call you if you send your &lt;BR&gt;number across. With God all thing are possible.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;As soon as I receive your reply I shall inform the security company, that you &lt;BR&gt;are the beneficiary of the said consignment you will need to go and claim this &lt;BR&gt;fund. I will also issue you an authority letter that will prove you the present &lt;BR&gt;beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the &lt;BR&gt;organization to always !" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="maryowen1940@yahoo.co.in " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sjackson_2006@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1028836903-1138862995=:30797" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060202064955.31633.qmail@web8208.mail.in.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sjackson_2006@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="kindly assist me" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=3bp+u4Kiv3emj5LatxuEpLIBE1cx/kzyKLRLAsv62wHzBfZ/dzXMdUeh6FSB30J+v4AcWTsWi0trWhvJ7IU1aIwn6gudB5W/sNzBjnb65PiObBhYOyUpOsPcJmXt9Xlz81ZnlZHAqHJW6HR9Kl6+1jD/tVUDLb8IlYm38SeOjpM=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit pray for" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060202064955.31633.qmail@web8208.mail.in.yahoo.com&gt; Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=3bp+u4Kiv3emj5LatxuEpLIBE1cx/kzyKLRLAsv62wHzBfZ/dzXMdUeh6FSB30J+v4AcWTsWi0trWhvJ7IU1aIwn6gudB5W/sNzBjnb65PiObBhYOyUpOsPcJmXt9Xlz81ZnlZHAqHJW6HR9Kl6+1jD/tVUDLb8IlYm38SeOjpM=  ; " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 my husband's efforts to be &lt;BR&gt;used by unbelievers. I don,t want a situation where this money will be used in &lt;BR&gt;an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death &lt;BR&gt;hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the &lt;BR&gt;lord. Exodus 14 vs. 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my &lt;BR&gt;peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this regards because of my &lt;BR&gt;health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don?t &lt;BR&gt;want them to know about this development but I can call you if you send your &lt;BR&gt;number across. With God all thing are possible.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;As soon as I receive your reply I shall inform the security company, that you &lt;BR&gt;are the beneficiary of the said consignment you will need to go and claim this &lt;BR&gt;fund. I will also issue you an authority letter that will prove you the present &lt;BR&gt;beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the &lt;BR&gt;organization to always !" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1028836903-1138862995=" content="30797" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1028836903-1138862995=" content="30797 't want" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1028836903-1138862995=" content="30797--" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;maryowen1940@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb  2 01:50:07 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;maryowen1940@yahoo.co.in&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; I am Dr.Mrs. Owens Mary from Madrid,Spain. I am married to Engr.Owens jim, cricket&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;  &lt;HR SIZE=1&gt;  Jiyo cricket on &lt;A href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/in/mailcricket/*http://in.sports.yahoo.com/cricket/&quot;&gt;Yahoo! India cricket&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2142" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060202064955.31633.qmail@web8208.mail.in.yahoo.com&gt; Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket" />
<title>kindly assist me</title>
</head>
<body>                                                      I am Dr.Mrs. Owens Mary from Madrid,Spain. I am married to Engr.Owens jim, 
who worked as the financial director under United 
Nation Development Programmed for Africa for more than ten years before he died in 
the year 2004.We were married for eleven years without a child. He died after a brief illness 
that lasted for only four days. 
Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his d!
 eath I
 decided 
not to remarry or get a child outside my matrimonial home, which the bible is 
against. When my husband was alive he deposited the sum of US$16.8Million United 
State Dollars (Sixteen Million Eight 
Hundred Thousand Dollars) with a London ALPHA SECURITY COMPANY in my name.
Presently, this money is still with the security company; recently, my doctor 
told me that I would not last long due to cancer problem. The one that disturbs 
me most is my partial paralysis sickness. Having known my condition I decided to 
keep this fund in the security company. I want an organization or an individual 
that will use this fund for 
orphanages, Widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavor that the house 
of God is maintained.

The bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth.I took this 
decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my 
husband relatives are not Christians and I don!
 't want
 my husband's efforts to be 
used by unbelievers. I don,t want a situation where this money will be used in 
an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death 
hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the 
lord. Exodus 14 vs. 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my 
peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this regards because of my 
health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don?t 
want them to know about this development but I can call you if you send your 
number across. With God all thing are possible.

As soon as I receive your reply I shall inform the security company, that you 
are the beneficiary of the said consignment you will need to go and claim this 
fund. I will also issue you an authority letter that will prove you the present 
beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the 
organization to always !
 pray for
 me because the lord is my shepherd. My happiness 
is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever that wants to serve the 
lord must serve him in spirit and truth. Please always be prayerful all through 
you're your life.

Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this 
same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated herein. 
Hoping to receive your reply and remain blessed in the lord. You can contact my 
pastor Rev Marvin Smith, He is willing to 
assist us to conclude this transaction peacefully or Email 
<a shape="rect" href="mailto:sjackson_2006@yahoo.com">sjackson_2006@yahoo.com</a>
Yours in Lord,
Dr.(Mrs.) Owens Mary.










    
  Jiyo cricket on <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/in/mailcricket/*http://in.sports.yahoo.com/cricket/">Yahoo! India
 cricket</a>












    
  Jiyo cricket on <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/in/mailcricket/*http://in.sports.yahoo.com/cricket/">Yahoo! India cricket</a>





<p>
	

	
		</p>


 
Jiyo cricket on <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/in/mailcricket/*http://in.sports.yahoo.com/cricket/">Yahoo! India cricket</a><p>
	

	
		</p>


 
Jiyo cricket on <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/in/mailcricket/*http://in.sports.yahoo.com/cricket/">Yahoo! India cricket</a></body></html>