<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASISSTANCE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-14T09:07:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jamesoni2000@go.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesoni2002@go.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesoni2002@go.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jamesoni2002@go.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASISSTANCE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;3790865.1052903233856.JavaMail.jamesoni2000@gomailjtp01&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;3790865.1052903233856.JavaMail.jamesoni2000@gomailjtp01&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-14T09:07:13Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-14T09:07:13Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="jamesoni2002@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt; &lt;0HEV0092GDBSWX@mta06.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Wed, 14 May 2003 02:07:15 -0700 (PDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May 14 09:00:30 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt; &lt;0HEV0092GDBSWX@mta06.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Wed, 14 May 2003 02:07:15 -0700 (PDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="James Oni" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-214" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="James Oni &lt;jamesoni2000@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;3790865.1052903233856.JavaMail.jamesoni2000@gomailjtp01&gt;" />
<title>ASISSTANCE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Barrister.james oni
E-mail:jamesoni2002@rediffmail.com

Dear Friend

It is obvious that this proposal will come to you as a suprise. This is
because we have not met before but i am inspired to sending you this email
by the huge fund transfer opportunity that will be of mutual benefit to
the two of us.However, I am Barrister  james oni,the Personal Attorney
to the late Engr.Brian Loyd Smith a national of Isle ofMan in UK, who used to work
with Shell Petroleum Development Company(SPDC)
in Nigeria.
On the 21st of April 1996, my client,his wife And their three children
were involved in a car accident along Sagamu/Lagos Express Road.
Unfortunately they all lost their lives in the event of the accident,
Since then I have made several enquiries to several Embassies to locate
any of my clients extended relatives, this has also proved successful.
After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace his
relatives over the Internet to locate any member of his family but of no
avail, hence I contacted you.
I contacted you to assist in repartrating the money and property left
behind by my client,I can easily convince the bank with my legal practice
that you are the only surviving relation of my client. Otherwise the
Estate he left behind will be confiscated or declared unserviceable by the
bank where this huge deposits were lodged. Particularly, the Bank where
the deceased had an account valued at about $5million U.S dollars(  five
Million United State of America dollars).
Conseqently,The bank issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have
the account confiscated within the next ten official working days. since i
have been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over several
years now.I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the
deceased,so that the proceeds of this account valued at $5million U.S
dollars can be paid to your account and then you and me can share the
money.
I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim
we may make. All I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see
this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed undera
legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.Please get
in touch with me by my email:jamesoni2002@rediffmail.com to
enable usdiscuss further.
Yours Faithfully,

Barrister  james oni.

N.B. Please indicate your telephone and fax numbers for easy communication
in this mutual transaction. Please forward your reply to:
jamesoni2002@rediffmail.com.



___________________________________________________
GO.com Mail                                    
Get Your Free, Private E-mail at http://mail.go.com



</p>

</body></html>