<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mustapher_30@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="please get back to me." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mustapher mustapher&quot; &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mustapher mustapher &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mustapher_30@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-03T09:21:04Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="please get back to me." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="03 Feb 2006 09:21:05.0017 (UTC) FILETIME=[2874EE90:01C628A3]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mustapher_30@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mustapher mustapher&quot; &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mustapher mustapher &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mustapher mustapher&quot; &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mustapher mustapher &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-03T09:21:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-03T09:21:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="03 Feb 2006 09:21:05.0017 (UTC) FILETIME=[2874EE90:01C628A3]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mustapher_30@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Feb  3 04:21:25 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mustapher_30@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt; ATTN.PLEASE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mustapher mustapher" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mustapher mustapher&quot; &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mustapher mustapher &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2150" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mustapher mustapher &lt;mustapher_30@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>please get back to me.</title>
</head>
<body><p>  ATTN.PLEASE


I am mustapher ahmed, I work with the  BANK OF AFRICA(BOA) in burkina faso  
republic. It is my wish tosolicite your assistance in a business transaction 
that will be of benefit to you andI.During ourinvestigation and auditing in 
the bank, my department came across a very hugesum of money belonging to a 
deceased customer of the bank HAJI EL JAMAL ZOUE, a citizen of Lebanon 
whodied of the recent planecrash in Cotonou Benin republic on the 26th of 
Dec.2003.

Although personally, I kept this information secret within myself to enable 
the whole plans and idea be profitable and successful during the time of 
execution.The said amount wasUSD$10.2m( ten  million Two united states 
dollars).As it may intrest you to know, I got your contact through my 
country chamber of commerce andinternational relations here in burkina faso 
Rep. I believe you will be able and capable to champion abusiness of such 
magnitude without any problem.

Meanwhileall the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the 
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required approval and transfer 
this money to youraccount if youindicate your intrest has beenmade by me.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a banker,we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and 
would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of transfer 
because I workin this bank.This is the actual reason why it will require a 
second party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of kin to the 
bank and also present a foreign account where hewill need the money to be 
re-transfered ,into on his requestas it may be, after due verification and 
clarification by bank officails.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100%risk free.

On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification,while 10% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer, while the remaining 60% 
will be for me and my family.

Please,you have been advised to keep business as a secret between you and i 
for i am still in service and intend to retire from service after i conclude 
this deal with you. Assoon as you confirm to me your willingness to assit me 
int his bussiness i will send to you the deceased bank account informations 
and Application which you will apply to the bank for inward transfer of this 
fund to your account.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in the bank until you 
confirmthe money in your account and ask me to come down to your country for 
subsequentsharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and further  investment,either in your country or any other country you may 
advice usto invest in.

All other necessary information will be sent to you when I hear from you.
I suggest you get back to me assoon as possible stating yourwish in this 
deal call me on my private number 00229 76552482.

For more clearification vist the website  entire family on 26th December 
2003 in a plane crash.VIEW THIS WEB SITE

http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>