<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="lordluke5@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dear Friend, " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;lord luke&quot; &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="lord luke &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/us/9911/02/egyptair990.list/index.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lordluke5@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-05T02:19:38Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-below" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="lordluke@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F270A9AED8C2B3B2472969F20F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="lordluke@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dear Friend, " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="05 Feb 2006 02:19:40.0570 (UTC) FILETIME=[9E93FFA0:01C629FA]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Sat, 4 Feb 2006 18:19:40 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F270A9AED8C2B3B2472969F20F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[lordluke5@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;lord luke&quot; &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="lord luke &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;lord luke&quot; &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="lord luke &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-05T02:19:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-05T02:19:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="05 Feb 2006 02:19:40.0570 (UTC) FILETIME=[9E93FFA0:01C629FA]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="lordluke5@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb  4 21:19:57 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[lordluke5@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt; Sat, 4 Feb 2006 18:19:40 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="lord luke" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;lord luke&quot; &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="lord luke &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2160" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="lord luke &lt;lordluke5@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F270A9AED8C2B3B2472969F20F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Dear Friend, </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

I am Mr.Lord Luke .from the First Bank of Nigeria Plc,Lagos Branch I got 
your contact through the internet I have urgent and very 
confidentialbusiness proposal for you.

On January 7,1999, an America Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian 
National Petroleum Corporation,Mr.Charles Ballassi made a numbered time 
(fixed)deposit for twelve calendarmonths,valued at US$9,700,000.00(Nine 
Million Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars)in my branch upon maturity.I sent a 
rountine notification to his forwarded address but got no reply.After a 
month,i sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract 
employers,the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Mr.Charles 
Ballassi died in the plane crash of 31 October 1999[with Egyptian 990] with 
other passengers aboard as you can confirm it yourself via the website 
below:

http://www.cnn.com/us/9911/02/egyptair990.list/index.html
on further investigation,i found out that he died without making a WILL,and 
attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.I therefore made further  
investigation and discovered that Mr.Charles Ballassi did not declare any 
next of kin or relations in all his official documents,including his bank 
deposit paperwork in my bank. This sum ofUS$9,700,000.00 is still in my bank 
and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of 
each year.No one will ever come forward to claim it.According to Nigerian 
law, at the expiration of (seven)years,the money will revert to the 
ownershipof the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently,my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as 
the next of kin to Mr.Charles Ballassi so that the fruit of this old man's 
labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt Government officials. 
This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full name and 
address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and 
affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin.We shall employ 
the service of an attorney for the drafting and notarization of the WILL and 
obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your 
favour for the transfer.Any bank account in any part of the world which you 
will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the 
beneficiary/next of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to 
share in ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you. There is no risk at all,the 
paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position 
as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this 
transaction. If you are interested,please reply immediately via the private 
email address below,upon your responce,i shall provide you with more details 
and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please 
observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaction 
would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your 
assitance to invest my share in your country. Please upon the reciept of 
this mail message, send to me the following to enable start the process of 
the fund into your bank account:

1.Your full Name and address
2.Your Bank Name and Address
3.Your account Number and Account Beneficiary Name
4.Your private Telephone and fax numbers

Thanks and regards
Mr.Lord Luke.
MANAGER,FIRST BANK OF NIGERIA.




</p>

</body></html>