<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL(HELP)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Hinga&quot; &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Fatima Hinga &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="fat_hinga@she.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-06T07:51:13Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="fat_hinga@she.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="fat_hinga@she.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL(HELP)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200602060751.k167pERg012712@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Hinga&quot; &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Fatima Hinga &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Hinga&quot; &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Fatima Hinga &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-06T07:51:13Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-06T07:51:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb  6 02:51:21 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200602060751.k167pERg012712@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs Fatima Hinga" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Hinga&quot; &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Fatima Hinga &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2161" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs Fatima Hinga &lt;fat_hinga@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200602060751.k167pERg012712@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL(HELP)</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mrs Fatima Hinga
Dear Sir/Madam,
Thanks for finding time to go through my mail. I am Mrs. Fatima Hinga, the wife of Lieutenant Colonel John Garang Hinga the Leader of Sudanese People's Liberation Govement (SPLM) one of the leading political parties in Sudan which was formed in 1983. He died during the out brake of the recent civil war in Sudan. Before his death, he held many important offices which includes being the prime minister in a coalition government between 1986 to 1989.
He also was the leader of the Umma Party a strong political organization in Sudan. After his tenure as coalition prime minister, he was made to be in-charge of the payment of Sudanese Media communications department in 2001. My husband was killed by a group known as Sadiq al Mahdi at the on set of the civil war while fighting for the liberation of the Sudanese people from the hands of a dictatorship government.
I am 51 years old now and seriously ill although I am now receiving treatment in a hospital here in Thailand. During the period of our marriage we were blessed with a male child by name Musa Hinga who is also here taking care of me. After the death of my husband, I inherited a huge amount of money (25million US dollars) which my late husband deposited with a Security Company in Thailand for safe keeping. I now decided to contact you to assist me and my son to claim this money from where it was deposited and probably guide us in investing the fund in a worthwhile flourishing business over there. I hereby ask for your help and assistance. Although I am a novice in business, I have an eye on rigid properties. Your advice on other areas of private sector will be highly appreciated.
I believe that you would be of great help in guiding my son to a successful business investment in your country even when I am gone.
I will appreciate if you will show interest in collaborating with us, as this transaction will benefit both of us on joint venture partnership.
Furthermore I am ready to give you a good negotiable percentage cash reward for your assistance. Detailed information on other proceedings will be made available to you upon receiving your reply showing interest in collaborating with us as I look forward to your urgent reply.
Sincerely Yours
Fatima Hinga.




</p>

</body></html>