<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="arbumpula@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE WE  NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. ARBU  MPULA." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="arbu mpula &lt;arbumpula@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.msn.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="27-73-2390-447." />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="arbumpula@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-06T08:16:00Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="arbumpula@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="arbumpula@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="arbumpula@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE WE  NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="06 Feb 2006 08:16:00.0484 (UTC) FILETIME=[9069BA40:01C62AF5]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[arbumpula@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. ARBU  MPULA." />
<meta name="creator" content="arbu mpula &lt;arbumpula@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. ARBU  MPULA." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="arbu mpula &lt;arbumpula@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-06T08:16:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-06T08:16:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;arbumpula@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="M/D CEO/ GOKER ," />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="06 Feb 2006 08:16:00.0484 (UTC) FILETIME=[9069BA40:01C62AF5]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="arbumpula@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb  6 03:16:15 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[arbumpula@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;arbumpula@hotmail.com&gt; THANKS  AND  GOD  BLESS  YOU," />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="arbu mpula" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. ARBU  MPULA." />
<meta name="Author" content="arbu mpula &lt;arbumpula@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2162" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="arbu mpula &lt;arbumpula@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE WE  NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:  MR. ARBU  MPULA.
SOUTH AFRICA JOHANNESBURG.
TEL:27-73-2390-447.


ATTN: M/D CEO/ GOKER ,



PLEASE WE  NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE.



You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you don't know me 
personally. I am Mr,    Arbu  Mpula, the son of Dr.Henry  Mpula, who was 
recently murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe.
I got your contact through South African Information Exchange (S.A.I.E) in 
Johannesburg, and I decided to solicit for your assistance. My late father 
was among the few black Zimbabwean rich farmers murdered in cold  blood by 
the agents of the ruling government of president Robert Mugabe for his 
alleged support and sympathy for the Zimbabwean opposition party controlled 
by the white minority. Before his death he had taken me to  Johannesburg- 
South Africa to deposit the sum of US$ 23.Million(Twenty three Million  
United States Dollars) with a Security and Finance Company as if he Foresaw 
the looming danger in Zimbabwe.
The money was deposited in a metal box and declared as a personal effects 
for the use of some of his friends who were to arrive for the world 
conference on racism scheduled to hold in South Africa from fromr 1st  
march, 2003.This money was given to my father by President.Robert Mugabe 
himself, for investment in South Africa when they were in good terms. The 
dispute between my father and the President arose when the President 
introduced a new land reform-act, which adversely affected the rich white 
farmers and so  black farmers as well.    My father was vehemently opposed 
to the "modus operandis"adopted by the government and publicly oppose it. 
This brought him in direct conflict with the president. To achieve his 
purpose, the president used war veterans to plunder, loot and occupy all 
farms belonging to the white farmers and their black sympathizers. More than 
Fifty Farmers has lost their lives so far. Heads of governments from the 
west, especially Britain and United States of America have voiced there 
condemnation of Mugabe's plan. Subsequently, South African Development 
Community (S.A.D.C) has continuously Supported Mugabe's new land act, it is 
against this background that I and my family who are currently Residing in 
South Africa have decided to transfer my Father's money into a foreign 
account. As the eldest Son of my Father, I am saddled with the 
responsibility Of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money Could 
be transferred without the knowledge of my Government who are tactically 
freezing our family Wealth and South Africa's government seems to be Playing 
along with them. I am faced with the dilemma of investing this money in 
South Africa for fear of Encountering the same experience in future  since 
both Countries have almost the same political history.

so, the South African Foreign Exchange policy does not allow such investment 
hence I am seeking for an "assylum". As a businessperson that I entrusted my 
Future and that of my family into his hands, I must  Let you know that this 
transaction is 100% risk Free and the nature of your business does not 
necessarily matter. For your assistance, we are offering You 20% of the 
total sum, 75% for me and my family While 5%  will be mapped out for any 
expenses we may incurs during this transaction. We wish to invest our Money 
on commercial property based on your advice. Finally will demand for 
assurance that you will not  sit on this money when it finally gets to your 
personal or company's account in your country.  If this proposal is 
acceptable by you, please confirm your interest via the above telephone, or 
you reply  through email.



                                    THANKS  AND  GOD  BLESS  YOU,


Best Regards,
Mr; Arbu  Mpula,

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.com/



</p>

</body></html>