<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From Dr.Derrick Springs." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Derrick Springs" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-occupation" content="__________________________________" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Dr Derrick Springs&quot; &lt;drderricksprings2003@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Dr.Derrick Springs." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200602061932.k16JWYBG016817@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Derrick Springs" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Derrick Springs" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drderricksprings@upnaway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Up'n'Away WebMail 2.7.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-IP" content="196.3.62.3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb  6 14:32:39 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drderricksprings@upnaway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200602061932.k16JWYBG016817@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="&quot;Dr Derrick Springs&quot; &lt;drderricksprings2003@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Derrick Springs" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Derrick Springs" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Up'n'Away WebMail 2.7.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2163" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-ip" content="196.3.62.3" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200602061932.k16JWYBG016817@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>From Dr.Derrick Springs.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:Dr.Derrick Springs
Tel :44 704 011 0287
Fax :44 870 130 6123



This is an official notification of funds deposited in your name.


We arrange for the safekeeping of special and valuable packages and baggage
in trust for reputable clients that are honest and trustworthy.


A benefactor whose identity can not be disclosed because of the Non
Circumvention and Non Disclosure Agreement that was signed with the said
benefactor when the funds were being deposited, made you the beneficiary of
a package containing some amount of money.


The Non Circumvention and Non Disclosure Agreement signed with the
benefactor mandates us to fully divulge and disclose the benefactor's
identity 18 months after you, the beneficiary, has received the funds.


The funds totals US$7.5M (Seven Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States
Dollars) and we confirm that these funds are fully free of any liens, or
encumbrances and are clean, clear and non-criminal origin and are available
in the form of CASH.


You are hereby advised to reconfirm your Full Contact Information for
verification with information contained in our database in the format stated
below.


After verifying the details with the information we have in our database,you
will be contacted to personally claim the funds in the Finance and Security
Firm in Europe where its being kept with the Consignment Deposit Information
(C.D.I) that will empower you to do so.



This Consignment Deposit Information (C.D.I) is what is needed to claim the
funds and will only be sent to you after all your information has been
verified and confirmed to be true.



The information should therefore be sent in the manner stated below so as to
ensure that no mistake is made.


Your Full Name: ___________________________


Your Complete Address (Physical Address with Zip Code) :
______________________________


Date of Birth (Day/Month/Year):____________________


Occupation:__________________________________


Direct Telephone/Mobile Number: ____________________________



Fax Number:____________________________________


Complete the above and send back to me as soon as possible.


Congratulations in advance.


Thank you and I sincerely remain


Dr.Derrick Springs.



</p>

</body></html>