<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.23.204.187" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM MR.THOMPSON" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-07T03:34:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="thomp_rowe@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="thompson_rowe@yahoo.com.ar" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="thompson_rowe@yahoo.com.ar" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM MR.THOMPSON" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-07T03:34:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-07T03:34:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb  6 22:38:55 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="thompson rowe" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.23.204.187" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2167" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="thompson rowe &lt;thomp_rowe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>FROM MR.THOMPSON</title>
</head>
<body><p>First Commercial Bank
29 Wilson Street
London.
EC2M 2SJ


Dear Friend,
I am Mr Thompson Rowe, the Head of Audit Department, First Commercial 
Bank, London, UK. And for reasons which will become obvious to you as 
you read on, I obtained your address particulars from an Internet 
address listing. Please exercise some patience and read through my 
message. 

I have a very urgent and confidential business proposition 
for you. On June 6th 1999, a Crude Oil Contractor with the Kuwait 
National Petroleum Corporation, Engr. Ahmed Youseff Mustafa , a 
national of kuwait, made a numbered time ( fixed) deposit for 12 
calendar months, value GBP12,500,000.00 (TWELVE MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED  
THOUSAND POUNDS) in my branch. 

On maturity, we sent a routine 
notification to his  forwarding address but got no reply. After a 
month, we sent a reminder and finally, his contract employers, the 
Kuwait National Petroleum Corporation wrote to inform us that Engr. A Y 
Mustafa died on an automobile accident; that he died without making a 
WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin through the kuwait 
embassy were fruitless. I therefore made further investigations and 
discovered that Mr. Mustafa had actively opposed the Government of his 
country kuwait, and was consequently driven into exile. 

My proposal 
therefore is that, I am looking for a foreigner who will stand in as 
the next of kin to Mr. Mustafa. It is not necessary to be a blood  
relation to Mr. Mustafa, nor have the same name. It is not also 
necessary to come from the same Country. I have worked out the 
modalities to achieve my aim of appointing a next of kin, and therefore 
also by this means we transfer this money total GBP12.5M abroad for us 
to share. No one will ever come forward to claim it now, and according 
to British law,after 9 years, the money will automatically revert to 
the Government Treasury if the Account owner is a foreigner, and 
certified dead, and there is no valid claim. This indeed, is the 
situation.


The money transfer paperwork itself will include a 
certificate of origin so that the receiving bank does not ask questions 
or refuse the money as money laundering. Also, the paperwork will 
include proper certification that the funds being transferred are from 
non criminal sources. In short this will be a proper and legal money 
transfer and there is no risk!.


Once you indicate your interest I 
will initiate the processing of the transfer and in about 14 working 
days the money total GBP12.5M will be in your nominated bank account 
for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me and 30% for you. 

Looking 
forward to your urgent reply.

Yours truly, 
Mr.Thompson Rowe.



</p>

</body></html>