<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Thank you" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;sussan shubangu&quot; &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="sussan shubangu &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.gov.za/gol/gcis_profile.jsp?id=1066" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-07T20:52:06Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="shubanga-suzzy@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="shubanga-suzzy@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Thank you" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="07 Feb 2006 20:52:06.0779 (UTC) FILETIME=[5B3EBCB0:01C62C28]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;sussan shubangu&quot; &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="sussan shubangu &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;sussan shubangu&quot; &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="sussan shubangu &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-07T20:52:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-07T20:52:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="07 Feb 2006 20:52:06.0779 (UTC) FILETIME=[5B3EBCB0:01C62C28]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb  7 15:52:12 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="sussan shubangu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;sussan shubangu&quot; &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="sussan shubangu &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2169" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="sussan shubangu &lt;suzzy-shubangu1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>Thank you</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From The Desk Of,
MRS. SUSAN SHUBANGA
Deputy Minister of Safety and Security
South Africa



After due deliberation with my children, I decided to
contact you for your assistance in standing as a
beneficiary to the some millions of dollars First,
let me start by introducing myself, I am MRS SUSAN SHUBANGA,
a mother of three children and the Former Deputy Minister of
Minerals and Energy,Now Deputy Minister of Safety and Security
under the President of South African MR THABO
MBEKI. You can view my profile at my website
http://www.gov.za/gol/gcis_profile.jsp?id=1066

After the swearing in ceremony making me the Deputy
Minister of Minerals and Energy 1996 my husband Mr
Ndelebe Shabangu died while he was on an official trip to
Trinidad and Tobago in 2002. After his death, I discovered that
he had some funds in a dollars with a FINANCIAL INSTITUTE.

This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced contract
which he executed with the Government of South Africa.
Though I assisted him in getting this contract but I never
knew that it was over-invoiced by him. I am afraid that the
government of South Africa might start to investigate on
contracts awarded from 1998 to date. If they discover
this money in his bank account,they will confiscate it and
seize his assets here in South Africa and this will definetely
affect my political career in government.

I want your assistance in clearing this money from the
Financial Institute.As soon as the fund is cleared, you are
expected to move it immediately into another personal
bank account in your country.I will see to it that the
account is not traced from South Africa. As soon as you have
confirmed the fund into your account, I will send my eldest son
with my Attorney to come to your country to
discuss on business investments.

For your assistance, I am offering you 5 Million (Five
million United States Dollars Only) However, you have to
assure me and also be ready to
go into agreement with
me that you will not elope with my fund.

If you agree to my terms, kindly as a matter of
urgency send me an email.Due to my sensitive position in the
South African Government, I would not WANT you to call me on
phone or send a fax to me. All correspondence must be by
email to my private email:(shubanga-suzzy@hotmail.com)

If you want to speak with my Attorney, that is fine
and okay by me.
His chambers will be representing my interest
with you. if you show
interest in assisting me, i will foward
his contact to you and yours to him.
I would also like you to give me your contact address i.e.
telephone, fax and whatever other means of communication of which to
reach you,
to enable my Attorney call or reach you from time to
time.

Please I do not need to remind you of the need for
absolute
Confidentiality if this transaction must succeed. YOU
MUST NOT CALL ME!If
you do not feel comfortable with this
transaction, do not hesitate to discontinue.

Thanks for your anticipated co-operation and my
regards to your family.

Yours faithfully,

MRS. SUSAN SHUBANGA
Deputy Minister of Safety and Security
South Africa




</p>

</body></html>