<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Assistant" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Victoria Abuchi&quot; &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Victoria Abuchi &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-08T14:09:43Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="cls2006@newcastle.ac.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="cls2006@newcastle.ac.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="cls2006@newcastle.ac.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="victoria22abu@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="victoria22abu@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Assistant" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="08 Feb 2006 14:09:43.0508 (UTC) FILETIME=[4F25B140:01C62CB9]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Victoria Abuchi&quot; &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Victoria Abuchi &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Victoria Abuchi&quot; &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Victoria Abuchi &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-08T14:09:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-08T14:09:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="08 Feb 2006 14:09:43.0508 (UTC) FILETIME=[4F25B140:01C62CB9]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb  8 09:09:47 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Victoria Abuchi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Victoria Abuchi&quot; &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Victoria Abuchi &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2172" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Victoria Abuchi &lt;victoria_abuchi@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<title>Urgent Assistant</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear

Please let this letter not to bring confusion to you. I
know that we have not met either before but hear me from
the dept of your mind. It is circumstances that made to
send this to you.

I will introduce myself first to you, My name is Victoria
Abuchi, I lost my mother, my hero and my lord Ms Abu a year
ago. She was poisioned to death by her associate in
business. She formed a company by one Mr. Philip
Brown who poisioned her only to take benefit of the multi
million venture. He was arrested immedaitely my mother died
and he entered an agreement with my mother's brothers that
I and the immedaite younger brother of my mother will
represent my mother's interest in the company. After six
months I was kicked out of the company because I said that
we have to change the company's lawyer who I termed was
part of the elimination of my mother. I did not know that
they have changed all the company's document without my
name appearing any where. I will have to let you know more
detail on that but let me move to the point why I am
contacting you.

I have been nick named bastard by my mother's relations,
They have named me all source of names even calling me
outcast because my mother is late, while my mother was the
bread winner of the family. They have pushed me out of my
mother's mansion and still want to eliminate my life.

I got through the records of my mother account books three
weeks ago while crying and meditating, which I beleive was
inspired by the spirit of God, I discovered that there is a
huge sum of money she deposited in a bank, which is
$9,800,000. The note attached to the deposit agreement she
made with the bank indicated that, the money was to be used
to purchase machinery for the establishment of a new
company of her own.

Please all I need from you is to do all you can to help me
to get this money out of the bank. I have been to the bank
where this money is deposited immediately, and confirmed
the account most deligently. The bank told me that my
mother informed them that the money was to be remitted to
her company's costumer account abroad, which her costumer
will provide to them but since then they have never heard
from her nor the costumer. Now my mother is late. I don't
want the bank to know that my mother is late. I told them
that she is ill and appointed me to represent her in her
affairs.

(1).I want you to provide an account where the money will
be remitted into as my mother's costumer. (2).Make
arrangement for me to leave here as soon as possible
(3).How much commission you will take for rendering the
assistant?

My mother did not marry to any man, She had me as the only
child while she was having an affair with the person that
surpposed to be my father when she was 18 years and the man
abandoned her and disappeared which forced her to remain
single. Now I am 20 years and never saw my father for a
day.I have no home now and my life is in danger. I don't
have any one to run into. All the members of my mother
family have turned their back on me because I demand for me
right. They told me that I don't belong to the family. That
I should go and look for my father, Whom I don't know. I
have made trace to know my father without sucess. I want
you to hear me from the inner most of your heart and accord
me this help.

God will bless you for saving my life and future.

Best wishes,
Victoria Abuchi.




</p>

</body></html>