<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="62.56.146.150" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD  DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-09T00:46:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ejis_don@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-(re" content="TRANSFER OF (THIRTY SIX " />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="EJIS_DON55@YAHOO.CO.IN" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="EJIS_DON55@YAHOO.CO.IN" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD  DAY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="" />
<meta name="creator" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-09T00:46:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-09T00:46:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir/Madam," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb  8 19:59:43 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="EJIS DON" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="62.56.146.150" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2174" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="EJIS DON &lt;ejis_don@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>GOOD  DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Attn: Sir/Madam,

{HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL}

(RE: TRANSFER OF (THIRTY SIX 
MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND
FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS)

RE: 
TRANSFER OF 36,759,000.00 MILLION POUNDS TO YOUR
ACCOUNT.
My name is Mr.
EJIS DON and I work in the
International Operation Department in a Bank 
here in
London.I feel quite safe dealing with you in this
important 
business.Though, this medium (Internet) has
been greatly abused, I 
choose to reach you through it
because it still remains the fastest 
medium of
communication. However, this correspondence is
unofficial and 
private, and it should be treated as
such. 

At first I will like to 
assure you that this
transaction is 100% risk and trouble free to both
parties. WE WANT TO TRANSFER OUT MONEY FROM OUR BANK
HERE IN LONDON. 
THE FUND FOR TRANSFER IS OF CLEAN
ORIGIN. THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS 
A FOREIGNER, a
program leader.Until his death,The Late Prime
Minister, 
Mr. Rafik Hariri, has a huge investment here
in the United Kingdom and 
all over the world, as a
matter of fact he has the sum of(THIRTY SIX 
MILLION
SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS
STERLINGS) in his 
account here in London which he
deposited as a family valuables.The 
family do not know
about this deposit.I was on a routine inspection 
that
I discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL.
Of (THIRTY 
SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE
THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) on 
further discreet
investigation, I also discovered that the account
holder has passed away (dead) leaving no beneficiary
to the account. 
The bank will approve this money to
any foreigner because the former 
operator of the a/c
is a foreigner. I am certainly sure that nobody 
will
come again for the claim of this money. A foreigner
can only claim 
this money with legal claims to the
account Holder, 

Therefore I need 
your cooperation in this transaction.
I will provide all necessary 
information needed in
order to claim this money.Hoping in God that you 
will
never let me down now and in future.o.k! Rafik Bahaa
Edine Hariri 
(November 1, 1944 - February 14, 2005),
married to Nazek Audi Hariri, 
was a Lebanese self-made
billionaire and business tycoon, and was five 
times
Prime Minister of Lebanon (1992-1998 and 2000-2004)
before his 
last resignation from office on October 20,
2004. The late Rafik Hariri 
died on February 14, 2005
when explosives equivalent to around 300 kg 
of C4 were
detonated as his motorcade drove past the Saint George
Hotel 
i n the Lebanese capital, for more information
please log on to ()

I 
WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGN
ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I 
DON'T KNOW ANY FOREIGNER WHOM I
CAN TRUST, I KNOW THAT THIS MESSAGE 
WILL COME TO YOU
AS A SURPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OURSELVES BEFORE, BUT
BE SURE THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I
CONTACT YOU BELIEVING 
THAT YOU WILL NOT LET ME DOWN
ONCE THE FUND GOES INTO YOUR ACCOUNT. 
Let me hear from you urgently by
Email&lt;EJIS_DON55@YAHOO.CO.IN&gt;

Best 
Regards 

Mr EJIS DON,




</p>

</body></html>