<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM: PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="philip desmond &lt;philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-09T12:28:32Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM: PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-14882782@cgp8.sentechsa.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SpamCatcher-Score" content=" 88 [XXXXXXXXX]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-14882782@cgp8.sentechsa.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND" />
<meta name="creator" content="philip desmond &lt;philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="philip desmond &lt;philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-09T12:28:32Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spamcatcher-score" content="88 [XXXXXXXXX]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-09T12:28:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.3.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb  9 07:29:09 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="philip desmond" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND" />
<meta name="Author" content="philip desmond &lt;philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.3.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2177" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="philip desmond &lt;philipdesmond@tsamail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-14882782@cgp8.sentechsa.net&gt;" />
<title>FROM: PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: PHILIP &amp; ALICE DESMOND
Rue L195, Zone 4, Abidjan 
Ivory Coast.


Dear Beloved One,

With the hope that you are okay and doing fine, l am
contacting you for business transaction.  This proposal
could be strange but please give it some attention.  I got
your contact details on the internet and i decieded to 
contact you first in  good faith. 
 
My name is PHILIP DESMOND, I live in Ivory Coast in West
Africa.  I have inherited the sum of USD$27,000,000.00
(Twenty seven million Dollars) from my late parents.  But l
am faced with a problem.  It is in respect of this problem
that l am contacting you.

On the banks documents for the next of kin, my late father
appended a clause stating that:  I the next of kin, must
attain the age of 35 years, before taking full control of
the bank account, But, in the event of war or natural 
disasters in Ivory Coast, the bank should honour a transfer
request from me which must be for the safety of the funds,
And in this case, I must have an investment manager, my
investment manager must not be from this country that my
investment manager most be a foreigner.  

I am only 24 years old now, but Ivory Coast is not a safe
country at this time because of the war and the political
crisis.  So I want the bank to transfer my money out of
Ivory Coast to your account in any  safe country, but the
bank is insisting that l fulfil the conditions put down by
my late father.  

This is actually the reason why l am writing you.   So
please I would like you to become my investment manager,
because having an investment manager is the condition the
bank insist l have to meet before they would agree to
transfer my money out to any account.  When you become my
investment manager, l would instruct the bank to transfer
my money to your account in your country, so that you can
help me invest the money wisely while me and my small
sister will further our education in your country. 
And please tell me what we can invest with this money in
your country? 

Please I am expecting your response.  If you wish to reply
me,Please reach me at this same email address . I am
willing to give you 20% of the total money for your
assistance.  And please reply with your full contact
information for easy communications so that i can send
details and the deposit documents to you for better
clearifications with the bank contact.

My regards,
PHILIP DESMOND



</p>

</body></html>