<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I WILL APPRECIATE YOU REPLY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;FROM: Mr RAY KABE.&quot; &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="FROM: Mr RAY KABE. &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="raykabe42@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-09T14:10:34Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="raykabe42@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="raykabe42@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I WILL APPRECIATE YOU REPLY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200602091410.k19EAusE031808@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;FROM: Mr RAY KABE.&quot; &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="FROM: Mr RAY KABE. &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;FROM: Mr RAY KABE.&quot; &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="FROM: Mr RAY KABE. &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-09T14:10:34Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-09T14:10:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb  9 09:10:59 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200602091410.k19EAusE031808@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="FROM: Mr RAY KABE." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;FROM: Mr RAY KABE.&quot; &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="FROM: Mr RAY KABE. &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2179" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="FROM: Mr RAY KABE. &lt;raykabe42@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200602091410.k19EAusE031808@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>I WILL APPRECIATE YOU REPLY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: Mr RAY KABE
BANGKOK THAILAND
DEAR SIR,

You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally, the purpose of my introduction is that, I am RAYMOUND kABE, the first son of DR KINGSLEY SMITH KABE who was recently murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe. I got your contact through network online hence decided to
write you.

Before the death of my father, he had taken me to Johannesburg to deposit the sum of US$10.5Million(Ten million five hundred thousand United StatesDollars), in one the private security company, as if he foresaw the looming danger in Zimbabwe.This money was deposited in a box as germ stones to avoid much demurrage from Security Company.This amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the farms and established of new farm in Swaziland.

This land problem came when Zimbabwean President Mr. Robert Mugabe introduce a new Land Act reform which wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few blacks farmers.And this resulted to the killing and mob action by Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society. In fact, a lot of people were killed because of this land reformed Act for which my father was one of the victim.
It is against this background that, I and my family who are currently staying in bangkok thailand decided to transfer my father’s money to foreign account sine c the law of bangkok prohibit a refugee (asylum seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction throughout the teritorial zone bangkok. As the eldest son of my father, I am saddle with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are Sent on taking everything we have got. I am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in bangkok for fear of what is going on in the bangkok Foreign Exchange policy does not allow such investment for an asylum seeker.

As a businessman, who I have to entrust my future and of my family in his hands, I must let you know that this transaction is risk free. If you accept to assist me and my family all I want you to do for me is to make arrangements and come to bangkok thailand, sothat you can open a non-resident account which will aid us in transferring the money into any account you will nominate overseas. This money I intend to use for investment.

I have two options for you, firstly you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction.Or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country. Whichever the options you want, feel free to notify me I have also mapped out 10% of this money for all kinds of expenses incurred in the process of this transaction. If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 20% of the money while the remaining 70% will be for my investment in your country.
Contact me with the above E-mail and please candly put ur numberin your reply. while I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction.

Yours Faithfully,

RAY KABE
(For the Family)




</p>

</body></html>