<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="jewilliams99@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE HELP US" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="JESSICA WILLIAMS AND BROTHER" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jessica Williams &lt;jewilliams99@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jewilliams99@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-11T20:45:52Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jewilliams89@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jewilliams89@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE HELP US" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="11 Feb 2006 20:45:52.0294 (UTC) FILETIME=[25AFDC60:01C62F4C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[jewilliams99@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="JESSICA WILLIAMS AND BROTHER" />
<meta name="creator" content="Jessica Williams &lt;jewilliams99@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="JESSICA WILLIAMS AND BROTHER" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jessica Williams &lt;jewilliams99@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-11T20:45:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-11T20:45:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="11 Feb 2006 20:45:52.0294 (UTC) FILETIME=[25AFDC60:01C62F4C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="jewilliams99@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb 11 15:45:57 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[jewilliams99@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Jessica Williams" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="JESSICA WILLIAMS AND BROTHER" />
<meta name="Author" content="Jessica Williams &lt;jewilliams99@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2190" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Jessica Williams &lt;jewilliams99@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE HELP US</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: JESSICA WILLIAMS AND BROTHER
ABIDJAN, COTE D'IVOIRE.

DEAR SIR,

I KNOW THIS MIGHT COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE BUT WITH DUE RESPECT,I CONSIDER
WRITING YOU FOR BUSINESS ASSISTANCE AFTER MUCH FASTING AND PRAYING
CONSIDERING THAT WE HAVE NOT SEEN YOU FACE TO FACE.
MY NAME IS JESSICA WILLIAMS AND MY BROTHER JAMES , WE ARE THE ONLY CHILDREN
OF LATE CHIEF. DESMOND WILLIAMS, FROM ZULU IN THE RPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA,
WE ARE STUDENTS BUT CURRENTLY IN IVORY COAST FOR A BUSINESS WHICH I AM
ABOUT TO SEEK YOUR ASSISTANCE.

MY FATHER WAS AN AGRICULTURIST AND MADE SO MUCH MONEY FROM THE SALE OF COCOA
AND GOLD IN SOUTH AFRICA AND WAS PLANNING TO ESTABLISH A COCOA FARM IN
(ABIDJAN) IVORY COAST WITH THE HELP OF HIS IVORIAN FRIEND BEFORE HE MET HIS
DEATH PRECISELY A WEEK AFTER HIS RETURN FROM ABIDJAN IVORY COAST WHERE HE
WENT TO NEGOTIATION.

HE DIED AS A RESULT OF THE GHASTLY MOTOR ACCIDENT HE HAD WITH MY MOTHER,MY
MOTHER DIED INSTANTLY BUT MY FATHER DIED FOUR DAYS LATER IN A HOSPITAL, AS
IF MY FATHER KNEW , HE REMINDED US THAT HE DEPOSITED THE SUM OF TEN MILLION
FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLAR (10.500.000.00) IN A SUSPENCE ACCOUNT WITH A
BANK IN ( ABIDJAN) IVORY COAST AND ADVICED US TO CONTACT A FOREIGNER TO HELP
US TRANSFER THE MONEY FOR INVESTMENT.
HE GAVE US THE DEPOSIT CERTIFICATE AND LODGEMENT PAPERS.SO THAT WE CAN
RETRIEVE THIS MONEY.WE HAVE ARRIVED IN (ABIDJAN) IVORY COAST, LOCATED THE
BANK AND COMFIRMED THE DEPOSIT.

NOW WITH MOST HONEST AND CONFIDENTIALITY, I AM SOLICITING YOUR ASSISTANCE TO
MOVE THIS MONEY TO YOUR SAFE ACCOUNT ABROAD SO THAT WE WOULD INVEST IT IN
AGRICULTURE OR ANY LUCRATIVE BUSINESS WHICH YOU WOULD INTRODUCE US INTO OVER
THERE .

AS YOU CAN SEE THIS MONEY IS THE ONLY THING LEFT FOR ME AND MY YOUNGER
BROTHER, SO WE WANT TO INVEST IT WISELY AND THERE IS A POLITICAL PROBLEM
HERE (IVORY COAST),IT WILL BE VERY NECESSARY TO TAKE THE MONEY OUT OF THIS
COUNTRY FOR SECURITY REASONS.

A HANDSOME REWARD AWAITS YOU AS YOU CONSIDER TO ASSIST US TRANSFER THIS
MONEY FOR INVESTMENT, YOUR PERCENTAGE WOULD BE DISCUSSED ON YOUR POSITIVE
RESPONSE TO THIS REQUEST.
I AWAIT ANXIOUSLY TO HEAR FROM YOU SO THAT WE WILL DISCUSS THE MODALITIES OF
THIS TRANSACTION.

THANKS AND MAY GOD BLESS YOU.

YOURS SINCERELY,
JESSICA WILLIAMS AND JAMES.




</p>

</body></html>