<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS  ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU&quot; &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jubaliu@excite.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-13T03:31:03Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jubaliu@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jubaliu@excite.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS  ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200602130331.k1D3V5Vn011357@godsend.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU&quot; &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU&quot; &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-13T03:31:03Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-13T03:31:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Feb 12 22:31:10 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200602130331.k1D3V5Vn011357@godsend.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU&quot; &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2195" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ALHAJI  JUBRIL  ALIU &lt;jubaliu@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200602130331.k1D3V5Vn011357@godsend.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS  ASSISTANCE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear  friend,

With due respect and humility I send you this mail. Please I
am indeed sorry bothering you. Permit me a brief intoduction .
I believe that on the basis of such introduction you would
understand the purpose of this mail.

I am a professional financial advisor on offshore and real
estate investment, portfolio management with a private finance
and security company in Thailand. My company work for expatriate
community here in Bangkok, Thailand. One of my client , Mr. Lee
Kok Wai, a Singaporean business man deposited the sum of Sixteen
Million, Eight Hundred thousand United States Dollars (US$16.8M)
with our company . It was deposited as family treasures.

But sadly and unfortunately, Mr. Lee Kok Wai lost his life in the
deadly Tsunami of December 26th 2004. Ever since no close relative
or next of kin has come forward to claim the money deposited with us.
Therefore, My colleague and I, who are the direct fund managers have
decided to move/transfer this fund into a nominated foreing account,
for future investment.
To this regards, I seek your assistance and co-operation.
1. I will arrange for the deposit certificate to be changed to your name,
2.I will issue to you a Transfer Authorisation of the Consignment,
3. Afterwhich, you will transfer the money to your private accounts.
4. You will later on assist us in investing the money in a lucrative
business.
You should be rest assured that no one will question it because all
financial deposit Cerificates and transfer authorisation pass my desk
for final approval. To facilitate a smooth deal, we have agree on the
followng
1. 30% of the money for you as reward,
2. 5% For expenses on hotel , flight tickets and any other,
3. While, 65% shall be for us {My colleage and Me}.
For further details , send to me : 1. Your mobile
phone number,
2. Your direct fax number , this will enable me fax to
you the documents concerning the consignment. This is
a sensitive and private business, the knowledge of
which should be restricted , therfore do not dicsuss
it with a third party .
Do not fear, it is not terrorist or drug money. I
thank you in advance for reasoning with me.
I look forward to your favorable reply or you can call me immediatly on
66-9-8271884.

Yours sincerely,
Alhaji  Jubril  Aliu.




</p>

</body></html>