<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="abdullawal_01@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM MR ABDUL LAWAL (HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Abdul Lawal&quot; &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Abdul Lawal &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="abdullawal_01@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-15T19:23:09Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY5-F2FE9568C472D96B415E6892FA0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM MR ABDUL LAWAL (HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="15 Feb 2006 19:23:11.0063 (UTC) FILETIME=[42371670:01C63265]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Wed, 15 Feb 2006 11:23:11 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F2FE9568C472D96B415E6892FA0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[abdullawal_01@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Abdul Lawal&quot; &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Abdul Lawal &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Abdul Lawal&quot; &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Abdul Lawal &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-15T19:23:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-15T19:23:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="15 Feb 2006 19:23:11.0063 (UTC) FILETIME=[42371670:01C63265]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="abdullawal_01@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 15 14:23:20 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[abdullawal_01@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt; Wed, 15 Feb 2006 11:23:11 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Abdul Lawal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Abdul Lawal&quot; &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Abdul Lawal &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2206" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Abdul Lawal &lt;abdullawal_01@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY5-F2FE9568C472D96B415E6892FA0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>FROM MR ABDUL LAWAL (HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU)</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MR ABDUL LAWAL
STANDARD TRUST BANK OF BENIN
REPUBLIC OF BENIN.
WEST AFRICA.

DEAR FRIEND,
I am MR.ABDUL LAWAL,the director in charge of auditing and accounting
section of standard trust Bank of Benin republic in West Africa with
due respect and regard.

i have decided to contact you on a business transaction that will be
very beneficial to both of us at the end of the transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who
died on 30th january 2000 on Kenya Airways with aircraft Airbus
310-304 at location Abidjan, Ivory Coast, with registration number
5Y-BE while travelling with his entire family, his wife, two children
and a maid on a festive visit to Abidjan and since his untimely death
the funds has been dormant in his account with this Bank without any
claim of the fund in our ustody either from his family or relation
before our discovery to this development.

Although personally, I kept this information secret within myself and
partners to enable the whole plans and idea be Profitable and
successful during the time of execution. The said amount was USD$24.1M
(twenty four Million one Hundred Thousand united states dollars).

may interest you to know, I got your impressive information through my
good friend who works with chamber of commerce on foreign business
relations here in Cotonou-Benin, it is him who recommended your person
to me to be viable and capable to champion a business of such
magnitude without any problem.

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the
bonafide next of kin to the deceased and get the required approval and
transfer this money to a foreign account has been put in place, all
directives and needed information will be relayed to you as soon as
you indicate your interest and willingness to assist us and also
benefit yourself to this great business opportunity.In fact i could
have done this deal alone but because of my position in this country
as a civil servant, we are not allowed to operate a foreign account
and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of
transfer because i work in this bank.

This is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow
who will forward claims as the next of kin to the Bank and also
present a foreign account where he will need the money to be
re-transferred into on his request as it may be after due verification
and clarification by
the correspondent branch of the bank where the whole money will be
remitted from
to your own designated bank account.

May i at this point emphasize that this transaction is 100% risk free
as i have made all arrangements for a successful transaction as an
insider of the bank before contacting you.On smooth conclusion of this
transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the total sum as
gratification, while 10% will be set aside to take care of any
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer like telephone
bills, fax and our travel tickets to come over to your country for the
sharing of the fund while 60% will be for me and my partners.
Please you have been advised to keep this a top secret as we are still
in service and intend to retire from service after we conclude this
deal with you.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you
confirm the money in your account and ask us to come down to your
country for subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages
previously indicated and further investment either in your country or
any country you will advice us to invest in.All other necessary
information will be sent to you on your acceptance to champion this
transaction with me.I suggest you get back to me as soon as possible
in this deal.
Yours faithfully,
Mr.ABDUL LAWAL
Reply To:abdullawal1967@hotmail.com




</p>

</body></html>