<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;AHMED MARTINS. D&quot; &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="AHMED MARTINS. D &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="martinsdanjuma@mail15.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-17T14:23:15Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="si.all@UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="si.all@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="si.all@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ahmedmartins10@juno.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ahmedmartins10@juno.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305171422.h4HEMmZ05749@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;AHMED MARTINS. D&quot; &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="AHMED MARTINS. D &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;AHMED MARTINS. D&quot; &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="AHMED MARTINS. D &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-17T14:23:15Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-17T14:23:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat May 17 10:24:06 2003" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305171422.h4HEMmZ05749@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="AHMED MARTINS. D" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;AHMED MARTINS. D&quot; &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="AHMED MARTINS. D &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-221" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="AHMED MARTINS. D &lt;martinsdanjuma@mail15.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305171422.h4HEMmZ05749@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>Ahmed martins. D
Union Bank Plc.
Lagos – Nigeria.

I am the manager of bill and exchange Foreign
Operations Department of Union Bank of Nigeria. I am
writing following an impressive information about you
through one of my friend who runs a consultancy firm.
He assured of your capability and reliability,
although I did not tell him the details of the
business I want to do with you.

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of
$11.5million dollars (Eleven million five hundred
thousand United States Dollars) in an account that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died
along side his entire family on 2002 E.A.S plane crash.

Since we got information about his death, we have
been expecting his relation to come over and claim his
money because we cannot release it unless somebody
applies for it as next of kin or relation to the
deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines.

Unfortunately we learnt that all his immediate family
members died along with him at the plane
crash leaving nobody with the knowledge of this fund
behind for the claim since the account is his private
account. It is therefore upon this discovery that I
and two other officials in this department now decided
to make business with you and release the money to
you as the next of kin to the deceased for safety
keeping and subsequent disbursement since nobody is
coming for it and we don’t want this money to go back
into Federal
Government account as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that
such money remained after Seven years the money will
be transferred into banking treasury as unclaimed
funds and will further be handed over to government.
The request of a foreigner as next of kin in this
business is occasioned by the fact that the customer
was a foreigner and a Nigerian cannot stand as next of
kin to a foreigner.

We agreed that 35% of this money will be for you as
foreign partner, while the balance will be for my
colleagues and I. I will visit your country for the
disbursement according to the percentages indicated
above once this money gets into your account. Please
be honest to me.

Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of the
funds to you as arranged, you must apply first to my
bank as next of kin of the deceased. Upon receipt of
your response I will send to you a text of the
application with the name of the deceased and his
country and other information about him.

Note this transaction is confidential and
risk free. As soon as you receive this mail you
should contact me through my e-mail address or
alternative email address ahmedmartins10@juno.com
Best regards

AHMED MARTINS. D




</p>

</body></html>