<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="henry_kabore2@hotmail.com If you are really sure of your, Trustworthy, Accountability and" />
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT...  " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;henry kabore&quot; &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="henry kabore &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="henry_kabore2@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-18T11:28:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="henrykabore@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="henrykabore@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT...  " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="18 Feb 2006 11:28:19.0069 (UTC) FILETIME=[6AE712D0:01C6347E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[henry_kabore2@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;henry kabore&quot; &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="henry kabore &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;henry kabore&quot; &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="henry kabore &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-18T11:28:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Informed clearly that it was stated in our Foreign banking rules and" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-18T11:28:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="18 Feb 2006 11:28:19.0069 (UTC) FILETIME=[6AE712D0:01C6347E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="henry_kabore2@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb 18 06:28:26 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[henry_kabore2@hotmail.com] When the fund is transferred into your account, { 35% } Thirty Five" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt; I am the Chief Auditor Incharge of the Foreign Remittance Unit of our" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="henry kabore" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;henry kabore&quot; &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="henry kabore &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2219" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="henry kabore &lt;henry_kabore2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT...  </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MR HENRY KABORE
THE CHIEF AUDITOR INCHARGE
FOREIGN REMITTANCE UNIT,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK{ADB}.
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO.

Dear Partner,
I presumed that all is well with you and your family.
Please let this  do not be a surprise message to you because i got your 
contact information from
the international directory in few weeks ago  before i decided to contact 
you on this magintude and lucrative transaction for our present and future 
survival in life.Moreover, i have laid all the solemn trust in you before i 
decided to disclose this successful &amp; confidential transaction to you.

   I am the Chief Auditor Incharge of the Foreign Remittance Unit of our 
bank and i decided to contact you over this financial transaction worth the 
sum of Nineteen Million, Three Hundred Thousand United States of America 
($19,300,000.00 ) for our present and future success.This is an abandoned 
fund that belongs to one of our bank foreign customers who died along with 
his entire family  through plane crash disaster since few years 
ago.Meanwhile i was very fortune to came across the deceased file when i was 
arranging the old and abandoned customers files  in other to sign and submit 
to the entire bank management  for an official re-documentation and audit of 
the year against 2006.

    Informed clearly that it was stated in our Foreign banking rules and 
regulations which was signed lawfully that if such fund remains unclaimed  
till the period of 4 years started  from the date when the beneficiary died, 
the money will be transferred into the treasury as an unclaimed 
fund.However, it is not authorized by the rules guiding our bank for a 
citizen of Burkina Faso to make the claim of the fund unless your are a 
foreigner no matter the country different from the deceased.So the request 
of you as a foreigner is necessary to apply for the claim and transfer of 
the fund smoothly into your reliable bank account as the next of kin to the 
deceased.

   When the fund is transferred into your account, { 35% } Thirty Five 
Percent  will be for you in respect of all your assistance for the transfer 
of the fund into your account and provision of the bank account where the 
bank will remit the fund into,{ 55% } Fifty Five Percent  will be for me 
being the pioneer of the business while the rest { 10% } Ten  Percent will 
be shared to  respectable Organisations Centers such as Charity , Motherless 
Babies Homes, and helpless disabled people around us in the  World.

   If you are really sure of your, Trustworthy, Accountability and 
confidentiality on this transaction,contact me and  accept not to change 
your mind to cheat, or disappoint me  when the fund is transferred into your 
account.So reply for the assurance with your telephone and fax numbers  
necessary to facilitate an easy communication. As soon as you reply me i 
will let you know the next  procedures to be  follow in order to finalize 
this transaction immediately.
I expect your urgent communication.
Yours sincerely,
Mr Henry Kabore.

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>