<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="z_barley7@msn.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY/VERY URGENT." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ZUMA BARLEY&quot; &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ZUMA BARLEY &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="z_barley7@msn.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-18T05:33:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY/VERY URGENT." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="18 Feb 2006 05:33:18.0274 (UTC) FILETIME=[D2A3B220:01C6344C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[z_barley7@msn.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ZUMA BARLEY&quot; &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ZUMA BARLEY &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ZUMA BARLEY&quot; &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ZUMA BARLEY &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-18T05:33:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-18T05:33:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="18 Feb 2006 05:33:18.0274 (UTC) FILETIME=[D2A3B220:01C6344C]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="z_barley7@msn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb 18 00:33:26 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[z_barley7@msn.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ZUMA BARLEY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ZUMA BARLEY&quot; &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ZUMA BARLEY &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2223" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ZUMA BARLEY &lt;z_barley7@msn.com&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY/VERY URGENT.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
MR ZUMA BARLEY
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING DEPT,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK BENIN(ADB)
COTONOU-BENIN REPUBLIC
REPLY TO: (zuma_barley@hotmail.com)

Compliments Of the Season, Pleasure writing to you at this moment of the 
day, I am Mr Zuma Barley, the director incharge of auditing and accounting 
Dept. of AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK
BENIN(ADB) in Cotonou,Benin Republic.I deem it fit to contact you regarding 
an inactive/dormant account fund that will benefit both of us at the end, if 
parties involved will take restrait and maintain absolute secrecy,honesty 
and intergrity.

I got your contact in my search for a reputable and reliable person to 
particularly assist me to claim the fund in question. During auditing, in 
our bank at the end of last fiscal year, We discovered the
sum of (US$28.1M) Twenty-eight million one hundred thousand United States 
dollars in a dormant
account belonging to an international businessman based here in benin 
republic who was involved in the December 25th Benin plane crash. I kept 
this information(secret) confidential within my
jurisdiction to enable us submit claims and transfer this fund through 
trustworthy person whom we
shall present to our bank as the bonafide next of kin to the deceased.

Please visit
http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html

Our investigations so far clearly reveals that there is no immediate 
survivor or even a relation to the deceased and as such,there is no 
immediate next of kin for further claims of the deceased fund as we have 
long been expecting someone to come forward with an applications. Further
informations /verifications from reliable sources too have confirmed that 
the deceased customer supposed next of kin were all in the plane with him 
died with him.

This fund is now ready for transfer into a foreign account, whose owner will 
be portrayed to our bank as the beneficiary and a next of kin to the 
deceased customer. The foreign account owner will
impost himself approprietly as the next of kin to the deceased and respond 
positively like a true next of kin who wishes to speed up the release and 
transfer process of his inherited fund.Kindly be aware too that if the 
over-due fund if not claimed by the end of next quarter, the National 
Treasury
and Bills of Benin will take over the ownership of the fund in line with the 
National Edict Act of 1979. We do not want this to happen as it will not 
augur to our best interest, having worked all our lives in the banking 
sector, that is why I contacted you for us to do the deal together with
absolute confidence, so that you will be portrayed as the bonafide 
beneficiary and an immediate next of kin to the deceased. I will give you 
further directives, advice and all needed informations required for this 
transaction as soon as I receive your positive response. Similarly,if you 
accept to carry out this transaction with us, we have resolved offering to 
you 30% of the total sum as
commission, extra 10% of all proceeds to be generated from subsequent 
profit-viable investments
projects and you will be compensated with an executive office in the 
project.The first-phase shall be a five (5) year irrevocable contractual 
business partnership. We will invest 50% of our shares into your firm if you 
already have one provided that is profit orientated. 5% of the total fund 
will be set aside to re-imburse all expenses incurred in this course of this 
transaction. This transfer will automatically be affected within 7 working 
days.

Be rest assured that with the underground work i have laid so far,that this 
transaction carries no risk and no extra burdens on your part, except the 
above mentioned nominal roles you are required to fulfill and similarly will 
be required to maintain absolute information secrecy throughout the duration
of this transaction,because discussing and exhibiting it with a third party 
might jeopardise the entire transaction.

I will give you directives and all needed information as soon as I receive 
your positive response. Kindly understand that we could not carry out this 
fund-transfer on our own, based on the simple facts that we are civil 
servants and presently bank staffs and this office excludes us from 
operating foreign accounts,moreover,conducting such magnanimous transaction 
from the same place where we belong to/coming from will raise eyebrows on 
our side and the truth is that this fund belongs to a foreigner,and as such 
demands same as next of kin.

I am looking forward to receiving your interesting response on this project 
as this will greatly enrich the both of us at the end.

Best Regards,
MR ZUMA BARLEY
CALL ME: 00229-97-87-27-83
FOR MORE PROOFS AND DETAILS




</p>

</body></html>