<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="196.2.124.252" />
<meta name="subject" content="RESPOND IF YOU ARE WILLING TO HELP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;y_konovalov&quot; &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="y_konovalov &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="y_konovalov@jubii.dk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-19T07:57:56Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="y_konovalov@jubii.dk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="y_konovalov@jubii.dk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;windows-1252&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="y_konovalov@jubii.dk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Scanned" content="by amavisd-new at spray.net" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="=_NextPart_Lycos_125511830828915_ID" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;183082891412551@lycos-europe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="RESPOND IF YOU ARE WILLING TO HELP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;183082891412551@lycos-europe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;y_konovalov&quot; &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="y_konovalov &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;y_konovalov&quot; &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="y_konovalov &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-19T07:57:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;windows-1252&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-19T07:57:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="LycosMail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-scanned" content="by amavisd-new at spray.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Feb 19 02:58:08 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt; need you as a partner because you are a neutral &lt;BR&gt;party to help me collect this funds deposited with the security company and &lt;BR&gt;disburse it secretly based on instructions. &lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="y_konovalov" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;y_konovalov&quot; &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="y_konovalov &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="196.2.124.252" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="LycosMail" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2225" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="y_konovalov &lt;y_konovalov@jubii.dk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;183082891412551@lycos-europe.com&gt;" />
<title>RESPOND IF YOU ARE WILLING TO HELP</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p>
Yuri Konovalov
General Director Novokuibyshersk Oil, 
RESPOND IF YOU ARE WILLING TO HELP

 

Dear friend,

 

I have sent you this mail because of the need to open discussions with 
you. I don't want you to misunderstand this offer in any aspect, if it 
is okay with you I ask for your full cooperation. I am Yuri Konovalov, the General Director of Novokuibyshersk Oil an international affiliate 
of Yukos Oil and Gas Company based in Russia. Due to ill Health I have 
esophageal cancer, it has defiled all forms of medical treatment and 
according to the medical experts it is a terminal illness so I do not 
know how much longer I have to live. 


I never had any real Friends in my lifetime because I never really 
cared for anyone but my business. But now I know that there is more to life 
than making all the money in the world. However, certain unfolding 
events has made it very necessary for me to seek your help, my company is 
fighting investigations and bankruptcy due to the Yukos Oil problems in 
Russia, most of my assets were seized due to this case.
Recently I received a bulk payment from South Africa Ministry for my 
last contract there. I instructed them specifically not to send the funds 
to Russia because of the problems, but that the funds to be deposited 
with a Finance and Security company in Europe on hold. A huge cash 
deposit of Twenty-Five Million dollars was domiciled with a finance/Security 
Company overseas to my knowledge only. This is the last of my assets, 
now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself 
anymore, I therefore 
 need you as a partner because you are a neutral 
party to help me collect this funds deposited with the security company and 
disburse it secretly based on instructions. 


Because my time is short I have decided to give most of this money to 
charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I 
do on earth. For all your good efforts you will receive 30% of the 
Funds and must disburse the rest based on instructions. I want you to 
understand my seriousness in this case and if you can
handle the job kindly contact me on this email(<a shape="rect" href="mailto:y_konovalov@yahoo.com">y_konovalov@yahoo.com</a>)
for security purposes. I have all the necessary documents on hand; 
please contact me ASAP so we can discuss more. 


Thank you for your anticipated cooperation. If you are not interested, 
please keep it to yourself and do not respond.

 

Best Regards,

 

Yuri Konovalov
<p />


</p>
</div>
</body></html>