<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I AWAIT YOUR REPLY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gadikali@gatechambers.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-18T10:13:24Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="gadikali@gatechambers.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I AWAIT YOUR REPLY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="gadikali@gatechambers.com" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305181013.h4IADORm027406@anyi.com&gt; s transaction. If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 15% of the money while the remaining 80% will be for my investment in your country. Contact me with the above E-mail address while I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction." />
<meta name="creator" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-18T10:13:24Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-18T10:13:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;anyicom@anyi.com&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 18 May 2003 13:54:17 -0400 (EDT)	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 18 May 2003 06:13:45 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="mailer 1.1 http://www.yahoo.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun May 18 13:54:32 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;anyicom@anyi.com&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 18 May 2003 13:54:17 -0400 (EDT) for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 18 May 2003 06:13:45 -0400 (EDT) action by Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society. In fact a lot of people were killed because of this Land reform Act for which my father was one of the victims. It is against this background that, my family and I fled Zimbabwe for fear of our lives and are currently staying in the Nigeria where we are seeking political asylum and however have decided to transfer my father's money to a more reliable foreign account. Since the law of this country prohibits a refugee (asylum seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction throughout the territorial zone. As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything we have got. The South African government seems to be playing along with them. I am faced with the dilemma of moving this amount of money out of this country for!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305181013.h4IADORm027406@anyi.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Gabriel Kali" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="mailer 1.1 http://www.yahoo.com/" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-222" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Gabriel Kali &lt;gadikali@gatechambers.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305181013.h4IADORm027406@anyi.com&gt; s transaction. If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 15% of the money while the remaining 80% will be for my investment in your country. Contact me with the above E-mail address while I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction." />
<title>I AWAIT YOUR REPLY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,
You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally. I am Gabriel Kali, the first son of Gadik kali, one of the most popular black farmers in Zimbabwe who was murdered in the land dispute in my country. I got your contact through network online hence decided to write you. Before the death of my father, he had taken me to Johannesburg to deposit the sum of US15.5 million (FIFTEEN MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS), in one of the private security company, as he foresaw the looming danger in Zimbabwe this money was deposited in a box as gem stones to avoid much demurrage from security company. This amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the Farms and establishment of new farms in Swaziland. This land problem came when Zimbabwean President Mr. Robert Mugabe introduced a new Land Act Reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and some few black farmers, and this resulted to the killing and mob!
  action by Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society. In fact a lot of people were killed because of this Land reform Act for which my father was one of the victims. It is against this background that, my family and I fled Zimbabwe for fear of our lives and are currently staying in the Nigeria where we are seeking political asylum and however have decided to transfer my father's money to a more reliable foreign account. Since the law of this country prohibits a refugee (asylum seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction throughout the territorial zone. As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything we have got. The South African government seems to be playing along with them. I am faced with the dilemma of moving this amount of money out of this country for!
  fear of going through the same experience in future, both countries h
ave similar political history. I am seeking for a partner who I have to entrust my future and that of my family in his hands. If you accept to assist me and my family, all I want you to do for me, is to make an arrangements with the security company to clear the consignment (funds) from their affiliate office here as I have already given directives for the consignment to be brought to the Netherlands from South Africa. But before then all modalities will have to be put in place like change of ownership to the consignment and more importantly this money I intend to use for investment. I have two options for you. Firstly you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction. Or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country. Whichever the option you want, feel free to notify me. I have also mapped out 5% of this money for all kinds of expenses incurred in the process of thi!
 s transaction. If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 15% of the money while the remaining 80% will be for my investment in your country. Contact me with the above E-mail address while I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction. 
Thanks, GOD BLESS YOU 
Yours Faithfully, 
GABRIEL KALI.




</p>

</body></html>