<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.23.204.187" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM: Mr.Mandla Sizwe," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Mandla Sizwe," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mandlasizwe &lt;mandlasizwe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-20T11:46:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mandlasizwe@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mandlasizwe@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mandlasizwe@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM: Mr.Mandla Sizwe," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Mandla Sizwe," />
<meta name="creator" content="mandlasizwe &lt;mandlasizwe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Mandla Sizwe," />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mandlasizwe &lt;mandlasizwe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-20T11:46:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-20T11:46:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mandlasizwe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb 20 06:48:12 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mandlasizwe@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mandlasizwe" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Mandla Sizwe," />
<meta name="Author" content="mandlasizwe &lt;mandlasizwe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.23.204.187" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2235" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mandlasizwe &lt;mandlasizwe@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>FROM: Mr.Mandla Sizwe,</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: Mr.Mandla Sizwe,
77 Seaside Cottages 
Fish Hoek-Cape Town
South 
Africa. 
 
I feel quite safe dealing with you in this important
business having gone through your remarkable profile
on the internet. 
Though, this medium Internet) has
been greatly abused, I choose to 
reach you through it
because it still remains the fastest medium of
communication.
My name is Mr.Mandla Sizwe, I am the operational
manager 
in account management section in charge of
credit and foreign bills of 
one of the prime banks
here in South Africa. I am writing in respect 
of 
a foreign customer of my bank who perished with his
whole families 
on 18TH JULY 2003 in KENYAN PLANE CRASH
with the whole passengers 
aboard.
There is an account opened in this bank in the year
2000 by 
this great late INDUSTRIALIST who died without
a written or oral 'WILL' 
attached to the account.
Since his death, I personally have watched 
with keen
interest to see the next of kin but all has proved
abortive 
as no one has come to claim his funds and no
other person knows about 
this account or anything
concerning it,the account has no other 
beneficiary 
and until his death he was the manager of his company.
The 
banking ethics here does not allow such money to
stay more than six 
years without claim hence the money
will be recalled to the government 
treasury as unclaimed after this long period of dormancy.I have 
secretly discussed this matter with the general manager of the bank who 
I must involve in order to have a smooth and a successful transfer of 
the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate.It 
can be an EMTY account. On this
note, I decided to seek for a reliable 
foreigner who will act as the foreign beneficiary of the fund from the 
deceased by providing his/her bank account where the fund will be 
ransferred for immediate investment but my only worry is the security 
of the fund once the fund is transfered into your account.It is only a 
foreigner who can claim this money with legal claims to the account 
holder which I will provide to you if you are interested.

This money 
will remain useless in this dormant account if I did not transfer the 
fund out to a foreign account.The total amount involved is 
$16,000,000.00 USD.[Sixteen Million United States Dollar]. We wish to 
start the first transfer with $6,000,000.00[Six million] and upon 
successful transaction without any disappointment from your side, we 
shall re-apply for the transfer of the remaining balance of &amp;10 million 
to your account.At the conclussion of this transaction, your 
share 
will be 25% of the total transfer sum, 70% for me and my partner while 
5% will be set aside for any expenses both parties might incure during 
the process of the transfer.If you are truly serious to do this 
business with me,and you know that you will never, ever betray me now 
or in the future let me know so that I will give you the full 
transaction details.
Let me hear from you.
Respectfully yours,
Mr.
Mandla Sizwe.




</p>

</body></html>