<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REQUEST FOR YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr.Kola Awosika&quot; &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Kola Awosika &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kola.awosika@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2001-05-10T08:43:24Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="awosika@caramail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="awosika@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REQUEST FOR YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305191659.h4JGxSIo005875@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr.Kola Awosika&quot; &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Kola Awosika &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr.Kola Awosika&quot; &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Kola Awosika &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2001-05-10T08:43:24Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2001-05-10T08:43:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Mon, 19 May 2003 13:02:21 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 19 13:02:31 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Mon, 19 May 2003 13:02:21 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305191659.h4JGxSIo005875@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Kola Awosika" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr.Kola Awosika&quot; &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Kola Awosika &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-223" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Kola Awosika &lt;kola.awosika@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305191659.h4JGxSIo005875@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>REQUEST FOR YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mr.Kola Awosika
NIGERIAN NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION( N.N.P.C)
PLOT 775, MCPHERSON CLOSE,
VICTORIA ISLAND,
LAGOS, NIGERIA.
Tel:234-802-3230248

DEAR SIR,

I AM MR.KOLA AWOSIKA AN ACCOUNTANT IN THE NIGERIAN NATIONAL
PETROLEUM CORPORATION (N.N.P.C.).I HEAD A SEVEN-MAN TENDERS BOARD
IN CHARGE OF CONTRACT AWARDS AND PAYMENT APPROVALS.I CAME TO
KNOW OF YOU IN MY SEARCH FOR A RELIABLE AND REPUTABLE PERSON TO
HANDLE A VERY CONFIDENTIAL TRANSACTION WHICH INVOLVES THE TRANSFER
OF A HUGE SUM OF MONEY TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT.

THERE WERE SERIES OF CONTRACTS EXECUTED BY A CONSORTIUM OF MULTI-
NATIONALS IN THE OIL INDUSTRY IN FAVOUR OF N.N.P.C. THE ORIGINAL VALUE
OF THIS CONTRACTS WERE DELIBERATELY OVER INVOICED TO THE SUM OF
USD$35,000,000.00 (THIRTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS).

THIS AMOUNT HAS NOW BEEN APPROVED AND IS NOW READY TO BE
TRANSFERRED, BEING THAT THE COMPANIES THAT ACTUALLY EXECUTED THESE
CONTRACTS HAVE BEEN FULLY PAID AND THE PROJECTS OFFICIALLY
COMMISSIONED.

CONSEQUENTLY,MY COLLEAGUES AND I ARE WILLING TO TRANSFER THE TOTAL
AMOUNT TO YOUR ACCOUNT FOR SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENT, SINCE WE
CIVIL SERVANTS ARE PROHIBITED BY THE CODE OF CONDUCT BUREAU (CIVIL
SERVICE LAW) FROM OPERATING AND/OR OPENING FOREIGN ACCOUNTS IN
OUR NAMES. NEEDLESS TO SAY,THE TRUST REPOSED ON YOU AT THIS
JUNCTURE IS ENORMOUS. IN RETURN,WE HAVE AGREED TO OFFER YOU 25%
OF THE TRANSFERRED SUM, WHILE 10% SHALL BE SET ASIDE FOR INCIDENTAL
EXPENSES (INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL) BETWEEN PARTIES IN THE COURSE OF
THE TRANSACTION.YOU WILL BEMANDATED TO REMIT THE BALANCE TO OTHER
ACCOUNTS IN DUE COURSE.

MODALITIES HAVE BEEN WORKED OUT AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF THE MINISTRY
OF FINANCE AND THE CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA (C.B.N.) FOR THE IMMEDIATE
TRANSFER OF THE FUNDS WITHIN 13 WORKING DAYS SUBJECT TO YOUR
SATISFACTION OF THE ABOVE STATED TERMS. OUR ASSURANCE IS THAT YOUR
ROLE IS RISK FREE.

TO ACCORD THIS TRANSACTION THE LEGALITY IT DESERVES AND FOR MUTUAL
SECURITY OF THE FUNDS THE WHOLE APPROVAL PROCEDURES WILL BE
OFFICIALLY AND LEGALLY PROCESSED WITH YOUR NAME OR THE NAME OF ANY
COMPANY YOU MAY NOMINATE AS THE BONAFIDE BENEFICIARY.

ONCE MORE,I WANT YOU TO UNDERSTAND THAT HAVING PUT IN OVER TEN
YEARS IN THE CIVIL SERVICE OF MY COUNTRY,I AM AVERSE TO HAVING MY
IMAGE AND CAREER DENTED.THIS MATTER SHOULD THEREFORE BE TREATED
WITH THE UTMOST SECRECY AND URGENCY IT DESERVES.

KINDLY EXPEDITE ACTION AS WE ARE BEHIND SCHEDULE TO ENABLE US
INCLUDE THIS TRANSFER IN THE FIRST BATCH WHICH WOULD CONSTITUTE THE
SECOND QUARTER PAYMENTS FOR THE 2003 FINANCIAL YEAR.

CONTACT ME THROUGH E-MAIL ADDRESSES BELOW AS SOON AS POSSIBLE OR
CALL ME IMMEDIATELY ON THIS TELEPHONE NUMBER:234-802-3230248 .

YOURS SINCERELY,

Mr.Kola Awosika

awosika@caramail.com



</p>

</body></html>