<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT  REPLY  PLEASE,PLEASE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O  " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="carberry@cis.udel.edu My name is NELSON  HENRY. I’m a 65 years old man. " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="carberry@cis.udel.edu" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="carberry@cis.udel.edu My name is NELSON  HENRY. I’m a 65 years old man. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1532779790-1140519390=:93760" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060221105630.94064.qmail@web27306.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT  REPLY  PLEASE,PLEASE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=LR1W1oMHbj9VjB+ouwypEv8oBpZOhV8+m4YBrXxZJsVetTseb4xaaDve/JRTx7uKxJhNTKdcxC1TNsmR8sWBiX+GBHTmGEIw1F3D6SNJlc/nt8yTVaWEYgurLlvKcx26iLEnlG1qsN7oBD/T0j4w5/d6r5B/NH4Fkfho4yzAD6Q=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit I was also married with two children. Distributes it amongst charity organizations." />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit  NELSON  HENRY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060221105630.94064.qmail@web27306.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;  " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1532779790-1140519390=" content="93760 I never really cared about other values in life. " />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1532779790-1140519390=" content="93760" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1532779790-1140519390=" content="93760--" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=LR1W1oMHbj9VjB+ouwypEv8oBpZOhV8+m4YBrXxZJsVetTseb4xaaDve/JRTx7uKxJhNTKdcxC1TNsmR8sWBiX+GBHTmGEIw1F3D6SNJlc/nt8yTVaWEYgurLlvKcx26iLEnlG1qsN7oBD/T0j4w5/d6r5B/NH4Fkfho4yzAD6Q=  ; Greetings to you in the name of our heavenly God. Before I became ill, I kept $15 Million in a long-term deposit account in a interest accrued from the company. &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Distributes it amongst charity organizations.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Use your judgment to distribute the money and feel free to reimburse&lt;BR&gt;yourself when you have the money for any cost you incure during the&lt;BR&gt;process of collecting and distributing the money to charity organizations. .&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;I’m willing to offer you a ! Reward if you are willing to help; please&lt;BR&gt;reply as soon as you can.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;May the good Lord bless you and your family.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Regards.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;NELSON&amp;nbsp; HENRY&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nelsonhenry2006@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 21 05:56:32 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nelsonhenry2006@yahoo.co.uk&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  I have donated some money to orphans in Sudan, South Africa, " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0  Because relativesand friends have plundered so much of my wealth since my illness, I cannot" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2243" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060221105630.94064.qmail@web27306.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;  " />
<title>URGENT  REPLY  PLEASE,PLEASE</title>
</head>
<body>Dear friend,
   
  Greetings to you in the name of our heavenly God.
  
This mail might come to you as a surprise and the temptation to ignore it as unserious could
come into your mind; but please, consider it a divine wish and accept it
with a deep sense of humility. 
   
  My name is NELSON  HENRY. I’m a 65 years old man.
  
I am British living in Trinidad and tobago(south america). 
  
I was a merchant and owned two businesses in Kuala lumpur,(Malaysia).
  I was also married with two children.
  
My wife and two children died in a car accident three years ago. 
  
Before this happened my business and concern for making money was all I lived for.
  I never really cared about other values in life. 
  
But since the loss of my family, I have found a new desire to
assist helpless families. 
   
 
 I have been helping orphans in orphanage/ motherless homes.
   
  I have donated some money to orphans in Sudan, South Africa,
Cameroon, Brazil, Spain, Austria, Germany and some Asian countries.
  Before I became ill, I kept $15 Million in a long-term deposit account in a
Finance/Secutity company. 
   
  Presently, I’m in a hospital where I have been undergoing
  treatment for esophageal cancer.
   
  I have since lost my ability to talk and my doctors
have told me that I have only a few months to live.
 
It is my last wishto see this money distributed to charity organizations.
  Because relativesand friends have plundered so much of my wealth since my illness, I cannot
live with the agony of entrusting this huge responsibility to any of them.
   
  Please, I beg you in the name of God to help me collect the deposit and
the
 interest accrued from the company. 
   
  Distributes it amongst charity organizations.
   
  Use your judgment to distribute the money and feel free to reimburse
yourself when you have the money for any cost you incure during the
process of collecting and distributing the money to charity organizations. .
   
  I’m willing to offer you a ! Reward if you are willing to help; please
reply as soon as you can.
   
  May the good Lord bless you and your family.
  Regards.
   
  NELSON  HENRY

<p>
		</p>


 
 
<a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/uk/taglines/default/cars/*http://uk.cars.yahoo.com/">Yahoo! Cars</a> 
NEW - sell your car and browse thousands of new and used cars online <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/uk/taglines/default/cars/*http://uk.cars.yahoo.com/">search now</a> 
 

 
 </body></html>