<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu id k1LDr4xK002891" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="john_moka3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR PROMPT RESPONSE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;john moka&quot; &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="john moka &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//archives.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//desktop.msn.co.za/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="john_moka3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-21T13:52:56Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu id k1LDr4xK002891" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="mkjn45@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR PROMPT RESPONSE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="21 Feb 2006 13:53:01.0724 (UTC) FILETIME=[216855C0:01C636EE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[john_moka3@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;john moka&quot; &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="john moka &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;john moka&quot; &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="john moka &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-21T13:52:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-21T13:52:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="21 Feb 2006 13:53:01.0724 (UTC) FILETIME=[216855C0:01C636EE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="john_moka3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 21 08:53:43 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[john_moka3@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="john moka" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;john moka&quot; &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="john moka &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2245" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="john moka &lt;john_moka3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR PROMPT RESPONSE</title>
</head>
<body><p>email:mkjn45@hotmail.com

COMPLIMENTS OF THE DAY MA/SIR.

I am JOHN MOKA the chief accountant of Amalgamated Bank of South
Africa (ABSA). There is an account opened in this bank in 1999 and since 
2001 nobody has operated on this account again. After going through some old 
files in the records, I discovered that if I do not remit this money out 
urgently it would be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this account is Mr. 
Morris Thompson, a foreigner, Business Man and a miner at Kruger Gold 
Company, a Geologist by profession and he died since 2000. Ever then no 
other person knows this account or anything concerning it, the account has 
no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that this 
company does not know anything about this account and the money involved is 
One hundred and Thirty Six Million United States Dollars (US$ 136 Million).  
I want
us to first transfer US$ 36 Million from this money into your safe
overseas account before the rest. I am only contacting you as a foreigner 
because this money cannot be approved to a local bank here, but can only be 
approved to any foreign account because the money is in United States 
Dollars and the former owner Mr. Morris Thompson is a foreigner too. I know 
that this message will come to you as surprise as we don’t know ourselves 
before.

We will sign an agreement, but be sure that it is real and a genuine
business. You can view the web site bellow for more information on our late 
client.

http://archives.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

I only got your contact information from my secretary who operates
computer; with believe in God that you will never let me down in this 
business, considering my position as a public servant. You are the only 
person that I have contacted in this business; so please reply urgently so 
that I will inform you the next step to take immediately. Send also your 
private telephone and fax numbers including the full details of your account 
to be used for the deposit. I want us to meet face-to-face and sign a 
binding agreement to bind us together so that you can receive this money 
into your account where the fund will be safe. And I will fly to your 
country for withdrawal and sharing and other investment.

Meanwhile, I am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner 
with foreign account and foreign beneficiary. I need your full co-operation 
to make this work fine because the management is ready to approve this 
payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account, which 
I will give to you as soon as you indicate your sincerity to co-operate with 
me, and capability to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust 
according to my instruction and advice for our mutual benefit because this 
opportunity may never come again in my life. I need a truthful and God 
fearing person in this business because I don’t want to make a mistake so I 
need your strong assurance and trust. With my position in the office I don’t
want anything that will jeopardize my job so I advice that we should make 
secrecy and confidentiality our primary working condition, bearing in mind 
that I am a public servant. I will also use my position and influence to 
effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account 
with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange 
department.


At the conclusion of this business, you will be giving 25% of the total
amount, 70% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might 
have incurred the process of the transfer. I look forward to your
earliest reply.

Yours sincerely,
JOHN MOKA
CONFIDENTIAL

_________________________________________________________________
Find just what you're after on your PC with Windows Desktop Search - FREE! 
http://desktop.msn.co.za/



</p>

</body></html>