<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR ASSISTANT NEEDED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;SAAD A.ALLI&quot; &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="SAAD A.ALLI &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="husseinalli33@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-19T19:17:42Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="husseinalli33@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="6e025d4e-c21a-4c97-a625-315697e914c0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="husseinalli33@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR ASSISTANT NEEDED" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305191916.h4JJFsr10106@fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;SAAD A.ALLI&quot; &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="SAAD A.ALLI &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;SAAD A.ALLI&quot; &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="SAAD A.ALLI &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-19T19:17:42Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-19T19:17:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 19 15:16:12 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt; EMAIL: husseinalli44@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305191916.h4JJFsr10106@fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="SAAD A.ALLI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;SAAD A.ALLI&quot; &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="SAAD A.ALLI &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-224" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="SAAD A.ALLI &lt;husseinalli33@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305191916.h4JJFsr10106@fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>YOUR ASSISTANT NEEDED</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>DEAR SIR,
I AM FORCED BY PREVAILING CIRCUMSTANCES TO WRITE YOU AND MAKE THIS
PROPOSAL AT THE EXPENSE OF MY BEING EXPOSED;BUT I AM ENCOURAGED BECAUSE OF
YOUR COUNTRY'S NON SUPPORT OF THE BRITISH/AMERICAN AGGRESSION AGAINST
MY COUNTRY AND PEOPLE.
I AM MR. SAAD ABDULRHMAN ALLI FROM AL-HUSSEINIA CITY IN IRAQ AND A SENIOR MEMBER
OF THE BATH PARTY IN IRAQ. I AM PRESENTLY TAKING REFUGE SOMEWHERE INSIDE
SYRIA. I NEED YOUR HELP AND COOPERATION TO SECURE SOME FORTUNE
DEPOSITED SOMEWHERE IN EUROPE BY US FOR SENIOR IRAQI OFFICIALS BEFORE THE WAR 
IN MY COUNTRY AND I WILL DISCLOSE THE LOCATION OF THIS MONEY TO YOU AS
WE PROGRESS.
AFTER THE FIRST GULF WAR IN 1991, AMERICA BEGAN TO FREEZE ALL THE
PERSONAL BANK ACCOUNTS OF SENIOR IRAQI OFFICIALS AND OUR LEADERS QUICKLY
WITHDREW THEIR MONEY FROM WESTERN BANKS AND HAVE THEM CHANNELLED INTO
SOUTH AMERICAN INVESTMENTS. HOWEVER MY DIRECT BOSS WAS UNCOMFORTABLE WITH
THE SOUTH AMERICAN INVESTMENTS AND HE DECIDED TO HAVE HIS FORTUNE
SECURED IN CASH IN SAFEDEPOSIT HOUSES IN EUROPE WHICH WERE LATTER USED TO BUY 
UP PAINTINGS, DIAMONDS AND GOLD BARS FOR HIM. PRESENTLY, WE HAVE A
TOTAL SUM OF $15 MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS($15,000,000.00) IN A SAFE DEPOSIT HOUSE IN
EUROPE AND I AM SEEKING YOUR COOPERATION AND ASSISTANCE TO WITHDRAW THIS
MONEY FROM THE SAFEDEPOSIT HOUSE URGENTLY AND HIDE IT FOR US UNTIL
THINGS SETTLE DOWN IN OUR COUNTRY IRAQ.
IF YOU AGREE TO BE PART OF THIS PROJECT, WE WILL GIVE YOU 30% OF THE
TOTAL AMOUNT AS YOUR REWARD FOR THIS ASSISTANCE AND FOR KEEPING
EVERYTHING TOP SECRET. I AM CONFIDENT THAT YOU WILL NOT EXPOSE ME TO THE BRITISH
AND AMERICAN INVADERS BECAUSE YOUR COUNTRY AND COUNTRYMEN CAMPAIGNED AGAINST THE INVASSION OF OUR COUNTRY AND WE CONSIDER YOU OUR FRIENDS AND SYMPATHISERS.
IT WILL BE YOUR ABSOLUTE RESPONSIBILITY TO HADLE THE WITHDRAWAL OF THIS
MONEY OUT OF THE DEPOSIT HOUSE AND TO SCURE OUR SHARE OF IT FOR US
UNTIL WE ARE FREE TO COME OUT OF OUR HIDING TO MEET YOU AND COLLECT OUR
SHARE FROM YOU AND WE HOPE TO COUNT ON YOU IN THIS HOUR OF ABSOLUTE NEED.
FURTHER DETAILS WILL BE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU UPON YOUR CONFIRMATION OF THE ACCEPTANCE OF THIS OFFER AND THE PROOF OF YOUR SERIOUSNESS.
MEANWHILE YOU CAN REACH ME THROUGH THIS EMAIL ADDRESSES AND SATELLITE
PHONE NUMBER. EMAIL: husseinalli@zwallet.com
              EMAIL: husseinalli44@zwallet.com
SATELLITE NUMBER: 00 88 216 4711 9220.
I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR PROMPT REPLY AND UNDERSTANDING WHILE HOPING FOR
YOUR UNDERSTANDING OF MY TIME CONSTRAINTS.
THANKS,
I REMAIN,
MR. SAAD ABDULRHMAN ALLI.</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>