<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR CO-OPERATION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Engr. George Egobia" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ENGR.GEORGE EGOBIA &lt;engr_georgegobia@colacao.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-return-path" content="engr_georgegobia@colacao.es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-22T11:37:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="engr_georgegobia@colacao.es" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MDRemoteIP" content="172.254.250.26" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MDaemon-Deliver-To" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR CO-OPERATION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mdaemon-deliver-to" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200602221138.k1MBcEao014548@mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Engr. George Egobia" />
<meta name="creator" content="ENGR.GEORGE EGOBIA &lt;engr_georgegobia@colacao.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Engr. George Egobia" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ENGR.GEORGE EGOBIA &lt;engr_georgegobia@colacao.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-22T11:37:00Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-22T11:37:00Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mdremoteip" content="172.254.250.26" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;engr_georgegobia@colacao.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="WorldClient Pro 2.2.3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-telephone" content="+229 97 98 99 63." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 22 06:38:30 2006" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Return-Path" content="engr_georgegobia@colacao.es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;engr_georgegobia@colacao.es&gt; for &lt;aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu&gt;; Wed, 22 Feb 2006 12:37:29 +0100" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200602221138.k1MBcEao014548@mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu&gt;	for &lt;aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu&gt;; Wed, 22 Feb 2006 12:37:29 +0100" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ENGR.GEORGE EGOBIA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Engr. George Egobia" />
<meta name="Author" content="ENGR.GEORGE EGOBIA &lt;engr_georgegobia@colacao.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="WorldClient Pro 2.2.3" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2251" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ENGR.GEORGE EGOBIA &lt;engr_georgegobia@colacao.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200602221138.k1MBcEao014548@mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR CO-OPERATION</title>
</head>
<body><p>Good Day Dear,
From: Engr. George Egobia
Telephone:+229 97 98 99 63.

Due to your good nature with others,I want to propose a very interesting 
deal to you.
I work with Deposit Trust House,a Security and Trust company in Republic 
of Benin,West Africa,as the operations manager.

Actually,there is one very big customer of our company,he is an american 
by name Elijah Miller,he had $252,000,000.00(two hundred and fifty two 
million)united states dollars with our company and I was his 
representative in our company.

Last three months he came and collected $2,000,000.00(two million dollars)
cash and said if he arrives in his country he was going to send us his 
banking details,so that we can remit his remaining balance of 
$250,000,000.00.But I have not heard from him since then.

Just three weeks ago his secretary that he came with to our 
company,called me and said Mr. Elijah had instructed her to send me the 
bank account were we are to remit the remaining $250million,because he
(elijah) was sick.She sent me all the necessary confidential documents 
and said Elijah gave it to her,so there was nothing we could do but to 
start remittance of the fund bit by bit.

But before we started remitting the money,I called Elijah's line and his 
wife picked up the phone and to my greatest surprise,she said Elijah had 
died in a car crash a month ago.That was when I understood that the 
secretary must have stolen all those documents from his office vault 
immediately he died and she is now claiming the funds on his behalf,but I 
kept quite so that I can also get my share.

I have made a perfect plan with the remittance director,who is my only 
partner in this deal because of his position.We are crediting the account 
she sent with just $2.5million per week,with the excuse that the 
government will not allow more than that to go out per week.Which is a 
lie to slow down the remittance so that we can get someone to use in 
making claims also.
What we want you to do now is to supply us your banking details so that 
we can credit your account as elijah's partner and you can take 25% of 
the total amount credited to your account and give us the rest as our 
share.

Please consider this proposal quickly and reach me immediately with your 
answer,because time is not on our side.

I am waiting,

Yours Truly

Engineer George Egobia.  

Private Email address:engr_george_egobia@o2.pl




</p>

</body></html>