<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR ASSISTANCE PLEASE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs Azura Amanda Akub&quot; &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Azura Amanda Akub &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="zuramanda@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-28T08:37:32Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="azurabeh@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="azurabeh@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR ASSISTANCE PLEASE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200602280837.k1S8baZ5004556@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs Azura Amanda Akub&quot; &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Azura Amanda Akub &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs Azura Amanda Akub&quot; &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Azura Amanda Akub &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-28T08:37:32Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-28T08:37:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 28 03:37:38 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200602280837.k1S8baZ5004556@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs Azura Amanda Akub" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs Azura Amanda Akub&quot; &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Azura Amanda Akub &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2267" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs Azura Amanda Akub &lt;zuramanda@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200602280837.k1S8baZ5004556@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>YOUR ASSISTANCE PLEASE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

I am Mrs.Azura Amanda Akub. I came across your contact details
in my desperate search for immediate assistance. I have just arrived at
Cotonou, Bene Republic, thinking of how to settle/start life again because
I am just having rest of mind now, since then. After fleeing renewed fighting
In Sierra-Leone. Of the 2,030 of us who ran from the village, just 78 of
Us made it across the boarder.
I lost my husband and daughter during this flight
And I am left with a son. There is a pain in my heart because I haven't
See or heard peace in the last 10 years. Just bloodshed and sorrow. I
Wonder if it will ever end.
I seek your help in retrieving money belonging to my husband. My late
Husband, DR.Ejiro Akub, was a devoted family man and a very successful
Diamond /Gold trader in the region of Bo in Sierra-Leone. We were a happy
Family of four (4) before the beginning of the civil war in 2000.We
Were forced to seek refuge in the neighboring country of Benin Rep. while
The war was going on, so we hid our life savings in the family tomb and
Fled. We returned when we heard news of a peace treaty signed in 2003.
We were deceived. The war escalated beyond imagination and it was
Nothing but sorrow tears and blood the rebels left in its wake. I and
My husband sold our remaining cache of Diamonds /Gold to a Lebanese
Middle man and was paid cash for it. The funds were then shipped out of
The country to Europe using the "Diamond /Gold trade Route”, which he was
Very familiar with (it was how Sierra-Leone Diamonds and Gold ends up
In capital cities of developed Nations). We then make plans to move and
settle in Europe as we were tired of the bloodshed,but unfortunately it was
Not to be.
Our village was raided. It was during the operation no living thing embarked
Upon by the Fonday Sankoh- Led Ruf rebel forces that I lost my husband
And daughter.
Now, I and my surviving son have been going through hell while the
Funds are trapped with a security company in Europe. We lost our traveling
Documents in our haste to escape the fighting and beside we do not have
Any money on us. all We had was lost in the flight
Out of the worst fighting areas. What we need now is an individual who
Have compassion on the poor window of my type and come to her aid by
Retrieving this funds from the security company by means of
Claiming/clearing the consignment.
This consignment contain the money for security reasons,
The funds total at least US$ 38.5 million Dollars and GB# 7.82 million
Pounds. This money is kept with the security company inform of
Consignment for security reasons. nobody except me knows about this, I am
Willing to offer you a commission for your assistance depending on what is
Agreed upon by both of us. I will like to tell you that 10% ofeach said
Amount goes for expenses.
All you have to do is, send me your immediate response. All necessary
Information’s and deposit certificate of the security company will be
Send to you when due, and both (secret and answers to preset questions)
And location of security company with this, you can claim the money,
They’ve been directed to. If you will be able to assist, kindly let me know
Immediately by replying me through my e-mail so we can begin procedures
At once as my only son is critically ill. you are free to ask questions
Where you don't understand. I eagerly await your favorable response.
Best Regard,
Mrs Azura Amanda Akub
Email: azurabeh@hotmail.com






</p>

</body></html>