<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="KIND UNDERSTANING FROM MR BINEY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Biney I Saac&quot; &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Biney I Saac &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-01T09:51:49Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="KIND UNDERSTANING FROM MR BINEY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200603010952.k219q8Z5029469@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Biney I Saac&quot; &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Biney I Saac &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Biney I Saac&quot; &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Biney I Saac &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-01T09:51:49Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-01T09:51:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar  1 04:52:15 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt; =3Cmailto=3Awilsonjohnbeney=40yahoo=2Ecom=3E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200603010952.k219q8Z5029469@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Biney I Saac" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Biney I Saac&quot; &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Biney I Saac &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2272" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Biney I Saac &lt;wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200603010952.k219q8Z5029469@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>KIND UNDERSTANING FROM MR BINEY</title>
</head>
<body><p>Please reply to my private email address
From: Mr Biney I Saac
Private Email:wilsonjohn_biney2@she.com
Attn:The Managing Director

Am Mr. BINEY ISAAC I, I am in charge of Cargo section of ROCHASAB Security
Banglamung Thailand. With due respect and regards I have decided to contact
you on a business transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us of
the end of the transaction.
During our investigation and auditing in this security company my department
came across a consignment belonging to a deceased person who died on plane
crash with this security company without any claim of the consignment in our
custody either form his family or relation before our discovery to this development.
Although personally, I kept this information secret within myself and partner
to enable the whole plans and ides be profitable and successful during the
time if execution, the said amount was US$5.6M (FIVE Million SIX Hundred
thousand United State Dollars).
As it may be interest to you to know, I got your impressive information
through my good friend who works with chamber of commerce here in Thailand.
Mean while all the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the bonfire next of kin to the deceased, will be relayed to you as soon as you
indicate your interest and willingness to assist us and also benefit yourself

to this great deal. In fact I could have done this deal alone but
because of my position in this country as a civil servant, we are not
allowed to operate a foreign account and would eventually raise an eyebrow on
my side during the time of transfer because I work in this company.
This is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who
will forward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust of oath to
the security company and also present a foreign account where he will need
the money to be re-transferred into on his request as it may be after due
verification and clarification by designation back account.
I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the
total sum as gratification, while 10% we be set aside to take care of
expenses that may arise during the fine of transfer and also telephone
bills, while 60% will be for me and by partners.

Please, you have been advised to keep top secret as we are still in service
and intend to retire from service after we conclude this deal with you.
I will write application to rinsing out have the company and join business.
And it will require us to come down to your country for subsequent sharing
of this found according to percentages previously indicated and further
investment either in your country or any country you advice us to invest in.
All other necessary information will be sent to you when I heard from you
I suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish in this
deal.
 &lt;mailto:wilsonjohnbeney@yahoo.com&gt;
Yours faithfully,
Mr. Biney Isaac.




</p>

</body></html>