<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM THE DESK OF DR .ABDULAHI" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="relation" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;39787.212.52.139.61.1141210454.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM THE DESK OF DR .ABDULAHI" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        Wed, 1 Mar 2006 10:54:14 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;39787.212.52.139.61.1141210454.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt; I have agreed that 40% of this money will be for you as the beneficiary" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ABDULAHI ISSA&quot; &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ABDULAHI ISSA &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-01T10:54:14Z" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-01T10:54:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:References" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar  1 06:34:06 2006" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ABDULAHI ISSA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ABDULAHI ISSA&quot; &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ABDULAHI ISSA &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ABDULAHI ISSA &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;39787.212.52.139.61.1141210454.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt; I have agreed that 40% of this money will be for you as the beneficiary" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ABDULAHI ISSA&quot; &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ABDULAHI ISSA &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-01T10:54:14Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-references" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="abdulahi5000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="abdulahi5000@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ABDULAHI ISSA&quot; &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ABDULAHI ISSA &lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 The fund has been lying in a suspence account without anybody coming to" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;abdul_issa07@sunumail.sn&gt; Wed, 1 Mar 2006 10:54:14 -0000 (GMT) Here is the air crash  website on cn" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2273" />
<title>FROM THE DESK OF DR .ABDULAHI</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF DR .ABDULAHI
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
BANK OF AFRICA.
OUAGADOUGOU,BURKINA FASO.
TOP SECRET
Dear Friend

I am DR. ABDULAHI. the bill and exchange manager at the foreign remittance
department of BANK OF AFRICA. I got your contact from the internet ,while
seaching for an honest and trust worthy person, who will assist me to
implement this transfer.l discovered the sum of Twenty Two Million and
five hundred Thousand United States Dollars (USD22.5M) belonging to a
deceased customer of this bank.

 The fund has been lying in a suspence account without anybody coming to
put claim over the money since the account owner late Mr JOHN KOROVO from
JORDAN , who was involved in the December 25th  2003 Benin plane crash.
 Here is the air crash  website on cn
http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html

The said fund is now ready for transfer to a foriegn account whose owner
will be portrayed as the beneficiary and next of kin to the deceased
customer of the bank. Since we got information about his death, we have
been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we
cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or
relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidlines and laws
but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation
died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the
claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I decided to make this business
proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or
relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since
nobody is coming for it and I don't want this money to go into the bank
treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after five years, the money will be transfered into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner
and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. I therefore
soliciting for your assistance to come forward as the next of kin.
 I have agreed that 40% of this money will be for you as the beneficiary
in respect of the provision of your Account and services rendered, 55%
would be for me while 5% will be for expencses incured during the cause of
this transaction If the money is transferred to your Account from BANK OF
AFRICA,

 I and my family in this transaction will proceed immediately to your
country for our own share of the money. I expect you to keep this
business strictly confidential and secret as you may wish to know that I
am Bank official.

Be rest assured that this business is 100% risk free on both side and
every arrangement to transfer this money to the Account you are going to
provide have been concluded provided we maintain the confidentiality and
secreceirity involved.
Contact me on my private phone number( +226-76419344 or email address at()
I am looking forward for your prompt response.

Yours faithfully,
DR. ABDULAHI.





























</p>

</body></html>