<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="216.226.228.6" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Richard Ohene" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-01T15:28:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="richard_ohene1@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="o_richard@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="o_richard@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Richard Ohene" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-01T15:28:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-01T15:28:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar  1 10:45:37 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Richard Ohene" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="216.226.228.6" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2276" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Richard Ohene &lt;richard_ohene1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>From Richard Ohene</title>
</head>
<body><p>Greetings to you. From Richard Ohene,

Before I introduce myself, I 
wish to inform you that this letter is not a hoax mail and I urge you 
to treat it with seriousness. This letter must come to you as a big 
surprise, but I believe it is only a day that people meet and become 
great friends and business partners. 
My name is Richard Ohene, the 
present branch Manager of a bank here in Ghana. I write you this 
proposal in good faith, believing that I can trust you with the 
information I am about to reveal to you. Like I said,
I have a 
transaction that will benefit both of us, as your assistance is 
required as a foreigner. 

I use to head the Accounts department in my 
bank head office, but last December I was asked to take position of a 
Manager of our branch in Kumasi who passed on, so that was how I became 
the present Manager and
discovered a fortune. As I resumed duty, I 
discovered an account with total sum of $12,500,000 million that has 
not been operated on for the past 4 years. From my investigation, I 
found out that this account
belongs to one Late Mr. ANDREAS SCHRANNER a 
German great industrialist and a resident of Munich, who unfortunately 
lost his life along with his entire famillies in the plane crash of 
CONCORDE AIRLINE
[Flight AF4590 ] which crashed on 25TH JULY, 2000. You 
shall read more news about the crash on visiting this site, which I got 
during my investigation; &lt;http://news.bbc.co.
uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm&gt;. 
The account is escrow call account, 
a secret type of account in my bank and no other person knows about 
this account or any thing concerning it, the account has no other 
beneficiary. I have kept a close
monitoring of the account since then 
and nobody has come forward to ask about the money as next of kin to 
the late Mr. Andreas Schranner, meaning that no one is aware of the 
account. I cannot directly take out this money without the help of a 
foreigner and that is why I am contacting you for an assistance to 
claim the funds and share it with me. As the Manager of my bank branch, 
I have the power to influence the release of the funds to any foreigner 
that comes up as the next
of kin to the account, with the correct 
information concerning the account, which I shall give you.

I am 
seeking your co-operation to present you as the next of kin to the 
account, so that my bank head quarters will release the funds to you. 
There is practically no risk involved, the transaction will be
executed 
under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of 
law. 

Thanking you in advance and may God bless,

Richard Ohene


</p>

</body></html>