<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by outbound3.mail.tds.net id k22GAhor008873" />
<meta name="subject" content="Mutual Benefit" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="markboland1990@tds.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-02T16:10:43Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="markboland1990@tds.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="markboland1990@tds.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="markboland1990@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by outbound3.mail.tds.net id k22GAhor008873" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="markboland1990@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mutual Benefit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2          Thu, 2 Mar 2006 10:10:43 -0600" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060302161043.KQPN31173.outaamta01.mail.tds.net@smtp.tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-02T16:10:43Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="101 Moorgate, London, EC2M 6SB." />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-02T16:10:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Openwave WebEngine, version 2.8.18 (webedge20-101-1108-20050216)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar  2 11:16:08 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt; Thu, 2 Mar 2006 10:10:43 -0600" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060302161043.KQPN31173.outaamta01.mail.tds.net@smtp.tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mark Boland" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Openwave WebEngine, version 2.8.18 (webedge20-101-1108-20050216)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2281" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mark Boland &lt;markboland1990@tds.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060302161043.KQPN31173.outaamta01.mail.tds.net@smtp.tds.net&gt;" />
<title>Mutual Benefit</title>
</head>
<body><p>ABN AMRO Bank
Address: 101 Moorgate, London, EC2M 6SB.
U.K.

Dear Friend,

I am Mr Mark Boland the Bank Manager of ABN AMRO Bank 101 Moorgate, 
London, EC2M 6SB.

I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. On
JULY 20,1999,Mr Paul Ndeife,a National of France, who used to be
a private contractor with the Shell Petroleum Development Company in Saudi Arabia
Mr.Paul Ndeife.Made a numbered time (Fixed deposit) for 36 calendar months,
valued at GBP17,000,000.00 (Seventeen Million Pounds only) in my branch.
Upon maturity in 2002, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding 
address but got no reply.After a month, we sent a reminder and finally 
we discovered from his contract employers, Shell Petroleum Development 
Company in Saudi Arabia that Mr Paul Ndeife And his wife with their three 
children were involved in an auto crash,all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately
lost their lives.

During one of his trips to his country France. On further investigation,
I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to
trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further
investigation and discovered that Mr Paul Ndeife. did not declare
any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank
Deposit paperwork in my Bank.
This sum of GBP£17.000,000.00 have been floating as unclaimed since 1999
in my bank as all efforts to get his relatives have hit the stones.
According to the British law at the expiration of 5 (FIVE) years, the
money will revert to the ownership of the British Government if nobody
applies to claim the fund and the FIVE years is the end of June
2006.Since then, 

I have made several enquiries with his country's embassies
to locate any of my clients extended relatives, this has also proved
Unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to
Contact you with this business partnership proposal. I have contacted
you to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my
client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the
Finance/Security Company where these huge deposit was lodged. The
deceased had a deposit valued presently at $21million US Dollars and
the Company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or
Beneficiary by Will otherwise have the account confiscated within the
next thirty official working days.

Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2
years now, I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / Will
Beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued
at $21Million US dollars can be paid to you. This will be disbursed or
shared in these percentages, 60% to me and 40% to you.

I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim
we may make. All I require is your honest Co-operation, Confidentiality
and Trust to enable us see this transaction through.I guarantee you that
this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect
you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with me urgently by
E-mail.	markboland1990@yahoo.co.uk

I am presently in London and provide me the following;
1. Full Name
2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
3. Your Contact Address.

Your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated.

Best regards,

Mr Mark Boland
+44 7040131493



</p>

</body></html>