<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="roberttt9@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.168" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM ROBERT CAN YOU HELP ME OUT? IS VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;taylor robert&quot; &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="taylor robert &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="roberttt9@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-03T11:00:33Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.168" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ROBERTTT@INBOX.LV" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="4.061 (****) DEAR_SOMETHING MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER SUBJ_ALL_CAPS UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ROBERTTT@INBOX.LV" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM ROBERT CAN YOU HELP ME OUT? IS VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="03 Mar 2006 11:00:34.0712 (UTC) FILETIME=[B23D1980:01C63EB1]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[roberttt9@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;taylor robert&quot; &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="taylor robert &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;taylor robert&quot; &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="taylor robert &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-03T11:00:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-03T11:00:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="4.061 (****) DEAR_SOMETHING MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER SUBJ_ALL_CAPS UNDISC_RECIPS" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="03 Mar 2006 11:00:34.0712 (UTC) FILETIME=[B23D1980:01C63EB1]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="roberttt9@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Mar  3 06:00:47 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[roberttt9@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="taylor robert" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;taylor robert&quot; &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="taylor robert &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2286" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="taylor robert &lt;roberttt9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>FROM ROBERT CAN YOU HELP ME OUT? IS VERY URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,
With a very desperate need for assistance, I have summed up courage
to contact you. I am from (will disclose this later), presently
working in Iraq with an international organisation that I will also
disclose later, I found your contact particulars in an
address journal.
I am seeking your assistance to evacuate the sum of (US$8.523
Million Dollars) Eight Million five Hundred Thousand And Twenty
Three Dollars to
your country or any other safe country of your choice, as far as I can be
assured that my share will be safe in your care untill I complete
my service here,this is no stolen money, and there are no dangers involved.
SOURCE OF MONEY:
Some money in various currencies was discovered concealed in
barrels with piles of weapons and ammunitions at a location near one
of Saddam,s old palaces during a rescue operation, and it was
agreed by all party present that the money be shared amongst us, this
was quite an illegal thing to do, but I tell you what? no
compensation can make up for the risks we have taken with our lives
in this hell hole.
The above figure was given to me as my share, and to conceal this
kind of money became a problem for me, so with the help of a German
contact working here, and his office enjoys some immunity, I was able
to get the package out to a safe cation entirely out of trouble
spot. He does not know the real contents of the package, and
believes that it
belongs to an Asian/American who died in an air raid, and before giving
up, trusted me to hand over the package to his business associate. I
have now found a secured way of getting the package out to a safer
country for you to pick up, and will discuss this with you when I am
sure that you are willing to assist me.
One passionate appeal I will make to you is not to discuss this
matter with a third party, should you have reasons to reject
this offer, please destroy this mail as any leakage of this
information will be too bad for us.
I do not know for how long we will remain here, and I have
survived 2 suicide bomb attacks by the special grace of God, this and
other reasons I will mention later has prompted me to reach out for help, I
honestly want this matter to be resolved immediately. Please contact
me as soon as possible.
Regards,
Robert Taylor

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>