<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="  IS ME YOUR FRIEND " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO 1 your full name" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sheywood@aiil.co.uk, shi@cecs.missouri.edu, shieh@saturn.yzu.edu.tw, sicstus-request@sics.se, sicstus-users-request@sics.se, My name is Ola George,General Manager, Corporate and Investment Banking" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sheywood@aiil.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shi@cecs.missouri.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shieh@saturn.yzu.edu.tw" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shih@missouri.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shinnerl@cs.ucla.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shipping_handling@bizrate.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shiva_n@ee.ucla.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shizuya@jpntuvm0.bitnet" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shjoshi@ix.netcom.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shoerner@ala.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shohreh@uci.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shsilver@sfsite.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shulgoldm@rockymountainnews.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="siambooks@siam.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sicstus-request@sics.se" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sicstus-users-request@sics.se" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sid@research.telcordia.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigcse06-chairs@cs.rit.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmara2@aol.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 deposit records and accounts since then. Nobody has come forward &lt;BR&gt;to claim the money in his A/C as next of kin to the late customer. The &lt;BR&gt;total amount in the account is US$12.5 million and it is a domiciliary &lt;BR&gt;escrow bank account. Also the funds can only be released to a &lt;BR&gt;foreigner. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;As it stands now, there is nobody in the position to produce the needed &lt;BR&gt;information other than my very self-considering my position in the &lt;BR&gt;bank.Based on the fact that all the family perished in the same flight &lt;BR&gt;accident, leaving no one to put claim of the deposit as the next of &lt;BR&gt;kin,so &lt;BR&gt;I am seeking for your co-operation to present you as the next of kin, &lt;BR&gt;and arrange for the release of the funds to your honour for our mutual &lt;BR&gt;benefit.&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;I am willing to share this money with you in the ratio of 70-30%.You &lt;BR&gt;shall have 30% of the funds and I shall have the rest (70%) .I hope &lt;BR&gt;this &lt;BR&gt;is a fair sharing?&lt;BR&gt;I look forward to hear&amp;nbsp; from you" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sheywood@aiil.co.uk, shi@cecs.missouri.edu, shieh@saturn.yzu.edu.tw, sicstus-request@sics.se, sicstus-users-request@sics.se, My name is Ola George,General Manager, Corporate and Investment Banking" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1492683983-1141511022=:41817" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060304222342.45702.qmail@web37803.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="  IS ME YOUR FRIEND " />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1492683983-1141511022=" content="41817 " />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1492683983-1141511022=" content="41817" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1492683983-1141511022=" content="41817--" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=JNp1VxTBm1w/65CFR89a1Q7rY4vK/HD/73NtRN2rV5+Zir04SuySJrZuX8p4ziyRhMd1SnAzA5JpL6UPipMkrxes+dT/y7NqmEEtQCbxtDCBwLDGCb594xu9gJrDNFtLV0tYqSzL2V1LCRjy9Jdquji4xLKEflPHMeMJmP/jeVM=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit Best Regards." />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit urgently so that we can proceed &lt;BR&gt;accordingly.I wait for your urgent response.&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;Best Regards. &lt;BR&gt;Mr.OLA GEORGE &lt;BR&gt;Send your further correspondent to this e-mail&lt;BR&gt;address:olageorge@ukrpost.net&lt;BR&gt;such as :&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;1 your full name&lt;BR&gt;2 telephone number&lt;BR&gt;3 fax number&lt;BR&gt;4. address&lt;BR&gt;and other relevant informations thanks and GOD BLESS&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p&gt;Send instant messages to your online friends http://au.messenger.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060304222342.45702.qmail@web37803.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; shoerner@ala.org, shohreh@uci.edu, shsilver@sfsite.com, " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=JNp1VxTBm1w/65CFR89a1Q7rY4vK/HD/73NtRN2rV5+Zir04SuySJrZuX8p4ziyRhMd1SnAzA5JpL6UPipMkrxes+dT/y7NqmEEtQCbxtDCBwLDGCb594xu9gJrDNFtLV0tYqSzL2V1LCRjy9Jdquji4xLKEflPHMeMJmP/jeVM=  ; shiva_n@ee.ucla.edu, shizuya@jpntuvm0.bitnet, shjoshi@ix.netcom.com, sigmara2@aol.com, sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM Since the death of this our customer , I have kept a close monitoring" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 deposit records and accounts since then. Nobody has come forward &lt;BR&gt;to claim the money in his A/C as next of kin to the late customer. The &lt;BR&gt;total amount in the account is US$12.5 million and it is a domiciliary &lt;BR&gt;escrow bank account. Also the funds can only be released to a &lt;BR&gt;foreigner. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;As it stands now, there is nobody in the position to produce the needed &lt;BR&gt;information other than my very self-considering my position in the &lt;BR&gt;bank.Based on the fact that all the family perished in the same flight &lt;BR&gt;accident, leaving no one to put claim of the deposit as the next of &lt;BR&gt;kin,so &lt;BR&gt;I am seeking for your co-operation to present you as the next of kin, &lt;BR&gt;and arrange for the release of the funds to your honour for our mutual &lt;BR&gt;benefit.&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;I am willing to share this money with you in the ratio of 70-30%.You &lt;BR&gt;shall have 30% of the funds and I shall have the rest (70%) .I hope &lt;BR&gt;this &lt;BR&gt;is a fair sharing?&lt;BR&gt;I look forward to hear&amp;nbsp; from you" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="olageorge@ukrpost.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Mar  4 17:24:02 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; shih@missouri.edu, shinnerl@cs.ucla.edu, shipping_handling@bizrate.com, sid@research.telcordia.com, sigcse06-chairs@cs.rit.edu, l write in respect of a foreign customer with our Bank,who" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 As it stands now, there is nobody in the position to produce the needed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2294" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060304222342.45702.qmail@web37803.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; shoerner@ala.org, shohreh@uci.edu, shsilver@sfsite.com, " />
<title>  IS ME YOUR FRIEND </title>
</head>
<body>From the Desk of: Ola George
{GM, Corporate and Investment ]
Banking Division (South)} 
African Continental Bank Plc, Nigeria.
 
E-mail <a shape="rect" href="mailto:olageorge@ukrpost.net">olageorge@ukrpost.net</a>
   Dear Friend,
  My name is Ola George,General Manager, Corporate and Investment Banking 
Division(South)with African Continental Bank Plc,Lagos-Nigeria.I came 
to know about you in my private search for a reliable person/company to 
handle a confidential transaction on behalf of myself.As a matter of 
fact, I got your information from the Nigerian Chamber of Commerce and 
Industry/Nigerian Export Promotion Council.
  l write in respect of a foreign customer with our Bank,who 
unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of Union Transport 
Africaines Flight 
Boeing 727  which crashed on December 25,2003.
  Since the death of this our customer , I have kept a close monitoring 
of the
 deposit records and accounts since then. Nobody has come forward 
to claim the money in his A/C as next of kin to the late customer. The 
total amount in the account is US$12.5 million and it is a domiciliary 
escrow bank account. Also the funds can only be released to a 
foreigner. 
  As it stands now, there is nobody in the position to produce the needed 
information other than my very self-considering my position in the 
bank.Based on the fact that all the family perished in the same flight 
accident, leaving no one to put claim of the deposit as the next of 
kin,so 
I am seeking for your co-operation to present you as the next of kin, 
and arrange for the release of the funds to your honour for our mutual 
benefit.
  I am willing to share this money with you in the ratio of 70-30%.You 
shall have 30% of the funds and I shall have the rest (70%) .I hope 
this 
is a fair sharing?
I look forward to hear  from you
 urgently so that we can proceed 
accordingly.I wait for your urgent response.
  Best Regards. 
Mr.OLA GEORGE 
Send your further correspondent to this e-mail
address:olageorge@ukrpost.net
such as :
  1 your full name
2 telephone number
3 fax number
4. address
and other relevant informations thanks and GOD BLESS
   
                                          
<p>Send instant messages to your online friends http://au.messenger.yahoo.com </p>

</body></html>