<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT FROM DELE MARTINS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DELE MARTINS&quot; &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DELE MARTINS &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="delemartins@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-22T10:38:39Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="delemartins@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="delemartins@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT FROM DELE MARTINS" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305221048.h4MAmnX04482@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DELE MARTINS&quot; &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DELE MARTINS &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DELE MARTINS&quot; &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DELE MARTINS &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-22T10:38:39Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-22T10:38:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May 22 06:48:53 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305221048.h4MAmnX04482@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DELE MARTINS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DELE MARTINS&quot; &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DELE MARTINS &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-229" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DELE MARTINS &lt;delemartins@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305221048.h4MAmnX04482@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT FROM DELE MARTINS</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: THE DESK OF  MR.DELE  MARTINS
UNION BANK OF NIGERIA PLC
LAGOS NIGERIA
BIG, STRONG, RELIABLE.

DEAR SIR,
I KNOW THIS PROPOSAL WILL COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE
EXPECIALLY WHEN YOU DO NOT KNOW THE WRITER,
CONDSIDERING, THE HUGE SUM OF MONEY INVOLVED WHICH COULD MAKE ANY
APPREHENSIVE.
LET ME START BY INTRODUCING MYSELF TO YOU,
I AM MR.DELE  MARTINSDIRECTOR CREDIT CONTROL, UNION BANK OF NIGERIA
PLC. LAGOS. I SAW YOUR CONTACT DURING MY PRIVATE
SEARCH AT THE INFORMATION CENTRE HERE IN NIGERIA CHAMBER OF
COMMENCE AND INDUSTRY AND I WANT TO BELIEVE THAT YOU
WILL BE VERY HONEST, COMMITTED AND CAPABLE OF
ASSISTING IN THIS BUSINESS VENTURE.
FIRSTLY, LET ME EXPLAIN THE SOURCE OF THIS FUNDS AND
WHAT YOU ARE EXPECTED TO DO. A FORIGNER LATE ENGINEER
THEOPHILUS BAKER, AN OIL MERCHANT/CONTRACTOR WITH THE
GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA, UNTIL HIS DEATH, OVER A YEAR
AGO, WAS A VICTIM OFA KENYA AIRWAYS: BUS (A310-300) FLIGHT
KQ430 PLANE CRASH. THE DECEASED, ENGNIEER THEOPILIUS
BAKER, BANKED WITH US AND HAS A CLOSING BALANCE AS A
JULY 2000 WORTH $4.5M (FOUR MILLION FIVE HUNDRED
THOSAND USD). WHICH MY BANK, NOW EXPECTES A NEXT-OF-KIN
TO CLAIM AS THE BENEFICIARY OF THE FUNDS, EFFORTS HAS
BEEN MADE BY UNION BANK OF NIGERIA TO GET IN TOUCH
WITH THE BAKER'S FAMILY OR RELATIVE BUT TO NO SUCCESS.
BASED ON THE PERCEIVED POSSIBILITY OF NOT BEING ABLE
TO LOCATE ENGNIEER THEOPILUS'S NEXT-OF-KIN, THE
MANAGEMENT UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF OUR CHAIRMAN AND THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS ARE MAKING ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE FUNDS TO BE
DECLARED UNCLAIMED AND CHANNELED TO AN UNKNOWN
ACCOUNT.
IT IS BASED ON THIS THAT WE HAVE CONTACTED YOU TO
STAND AS THE NEXT-OF-KIN OF LATE ENGR. THEOPILUS BAKER SO
THAT THE FUNDS, WILL BE RELEASED AND PAID INTO YOUR ACCOUNT

AS THE BENEFICIARY AND THE NEXT-OF-KIN TO THE
DECEASED.
ALL DOCUMENTS, AND PROOF TO ENABLE YOU GET THE FUNDS
HAVE BEEN CAREFULLY WORKED OUT AS WE HAVE SECURED FROM THE DIFFERENT OFFICES CONCERNED FOR THE SMOOTH TRANSFER OF THE FUND TO YOUR NOMINATED ACCOUNT.IT HAS BEEN AGREED THAT THE OWNER OF THE ACCOUNT WILL BE COMPENSATED WITH 20% OF THE REMITTED FUNDS, WHILE WE KEEP 75% AND 5%
WILL BE SET ASIDE TO OFFSET EXPENSES AND PAY THE NECESSARY
TAXES.
IF THIS PROPOSAL SATISFIES YOU, PLEASE REACH US ONLY
BY MAIL , FOR MORE INFORMATION.
YOURS FAITHFULLY,
MR.DELE  MARTINS.
NB: FOR CONFIDENTIAL REASON AND SECURITY PURPOSE,WE WILL BE COMMUNICATING THRUOGH EMAIL FOR NOW.



</p>

</body></html>