<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.78.18.74" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM:MR GAT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-06T08:40:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gat_butu@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="gat_butu111@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="gat_butu111@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="gat_butu111@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM:MR GAT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-06T08:40:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-06T08:40:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n/b" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar  6 03:56:44 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mr gat butu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.78.18.74" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2300" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mr gat butu &lt;gat_butu@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>FROM:MR GAT</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Kindest Attention:

Dear Sir/Ma,
My name is Mr.Gat Butu I am from 
South African, I have been diagnosed
with Esophageal cancer. It has 
defiled all forms of medical treatment,
and right now I have only about 
a few months to live, according to
medical  experts. I have not 
particularly lived my life so well, as I
never really cared for anyone 
(not even myself)but my business. Though I am
very rich,  I was never 
generous, I was always hostile to people and
only focused on my 
business as that was the only thing I cared for.But now I
regret all 
this as I now know that there is more to life than just
wanting to have 
or make all the money in the world. I believe when God gives me
a 
second  chance to come to this world I would live my life a different
way from how I have lived it.

Now that God has called me, I have 
willed and given most of my property
and assets to my immediate and 
extended family members as well as few
close friends .I want God to be 
merciful to me and accept my soul so, I
have decided to give alms to 
charity organizations, as I want this to
be one of the last good deeds 
I do on earth. So far, I have Distributed
money  to some charity 
organizations in the U.A.E, Somalia and
Malaysia. Now that my health 
has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do
this myself anymore.

I  once 
asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and
distribute 
the money which I have there to charity organization in
Bulgaria and 
Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to themselves.
Hence, I do 
not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended
with  what I 
have left for them. The last of my money which no one
knows of is the 
huge cash deposit of Thirty Million United States
Dollars
($30,000,000,00) that I have with a Finance Vaulting Unit
Abroad. I 
will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatch it
to  
charity organizations.

N/B:
Kindly note that 35% of this funds must go 
to the tsunami victims,60%
to other Charity Organization and 5% for 
your effort and time.
I cannot talk with you on the phone due to my 
health situation, as I am
using my Lap Top Computer to communicate with 
you. You should respond
to (gat_butu111@myway.com) if you are 
interested in carrying out
this assignment on my behalf.
God be with 
you.

Mr. Gat  Butu.

Email:gat_butu111@myway.com




</p>

</body></html>