<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="J.Moore@ed.ac.uk &lt;hr size=1&gt;&lt;font face=&quot;Arial&quot; size=&quot;2&quot;&gt;To help you stay safe and secure online, we've developed the all new &lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/uk/taglines/default/security_centre/*http://uk.security.yahoo.com/&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Yahoo! Security Centre&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="J.Moore@ed.ac.uk" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="J.Moore@ed.ac.uk &lt;hr size=1&gt;&lt;font face=&quot;Arial&quot; size=&quot;2&quot;&gt;To help you stay safe and secure online, we've developed the all new &lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/uk/taglines/default/security_centre/*http://uk.security.yahoo.com/&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Yahoo! Security Centre&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-432279817-1141834761=" content="8795" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-432279817-1141834761=" content="8795" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-432279817-1141834761=" content="8795--" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-432279817-1141834761=:8795" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060308161921.14693.qmail@web27308.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=fEd0y9sB4pApyNs5TupJ+U8rkdCEd8duQ+i2KwoUe6YysBFJ4UR+vupRVveoNCY0OauYDqSrdO0Qp2wxTziZeT3U2B6KqC2bC67paPfA0X5Z13k+YQJW/MQTm7WS06tKkVd/wnfzhGOMK5oLOsqQcOtOMZAwhjD4QmMD6v6+z2M=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="TRANSFER OF US$48.223 MILLION{FORTY EIGHT MILLION" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060308161921.14693.qmail@web27308.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; difference&lt;BR&gt;in country of origins is not a hindrance to the&lt;BR&gt;success of this transaction. This money will remain&lt;BR&gt;useless in this dormant account if I did not transfer&lt;BR&gt;the fund out to a foreign account.&lt;BR&gt;I will provide the necessary information and documents&lt;BR&gt;needed in order to claim this money. I only need your&lt;BR&gt;cooperation as a foreigner to provide your safe bank&lt;BR&gt;account information for the transfer. All arrangement&lt;BR&gt;that will ensure a smooth transfer of the fund to the&lt;BR&gt;account which you are to nominate is already in&lt;BR&gt;place.You should also provide me with your direct&lt;BR&gt;phone lines for easy communication. I wish for utmost&lt;BR&gt;confidentiality in handling this transaction. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;At the conclussion of this transaction, your share&lt;BR&gt;will be 25% of the total transfer sum, 70% for me and&lt;BR&gt;my partner while 5% will be set aside for any expenses&lt;BR&gt;both parties might incure during the process of the&lt;BR&gt;transfer. The fund will be transferred to your" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=fEd0y9sB4pApyNs5TupJ+U8rkdCEd8duQ+i2KwoUe6YysBFJ4UR+vupRVveoNCY0OauYDqSrdO0Qp2wxTziZeT3U2B6KqC2bC67paPfA0X5Z13k+YQJW/MQTm7WS06tKkVd/wnfzhGOMK5oLOsqQcOtOMZAwhjD4QmMD6v6+z2M=  ; US$48,223,000. 00 (Forty eight million two&lt;BR&gt;hundred and twenty three thousand U.S dollar).On&lt;BR&gt;further discreet investigation, I also discovered that&lt;BR&gt;the account holder has died long ago with his family&lt;BR&gt;on a fatal Auto-accident leaving no beneficiary to the&lt;BR&gt;account and no other person knows about this account.&lt;BR&gt;I am in close contact with the manager of the bank&lt;BR&gt;here who is my partner and he is willing to approve&lt;BR&gt;the transfer to any reliable and trustworthy foreigner&lt;BR&gt;with foreign bank account because the former operator&lt;BR&gt;of the a/c is a foreigner and from Australia in&lt;BR&gt;particular.&amp;nbsp; I am certainly sure that he has no&lt;BR&gt;written or oral WILL attached to the account , no&lt;BR&gt;beneficiary and nobody will come again for the claim&lt;BR&gt;of this money. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;It is only a foreigner who can claim this money with&lt;BR&gt;legal claims to the account holder which I will&lt;BR&gt;provide to you if you are interested, therefore I need&lt;BR&gt;your cooperation in this transaction. The" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kazim_isu1@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar  8 11:19:35 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kazim_isu1@yahoo.co.uk&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2309" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060308161921.14693.qmail@web27308.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; difference&lt;BR&gt;in country of origins is not a hindrance to the&lt;BR&gt;success of this transaction. This money will remain&lt;BR&gt;useless in this dormant account if I did not transfer&lt;BR&gt;the fund out to a foreign account.&lt;BR&gt;I will provide the necessary information and documents&lt;BR&gt;needed in order to claim this money. I only need your&lt;BR&gt;cooperation as a foreigner to provide your safe bank&lt;BR&gt;account information for the transfer. All arrangement&lt;BR&gt;that will ensure a smooth transfer of the fund to the&lt;BR&gt;account which you are to nominate is already in&lt;BR&gt;place.You should also provide me with your direct&lt;BR&gt;phone lines for easy communication. I wish for utmost&lt;BR&gt;confidentiality in handling this transaction. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;At the conclussion of this transaction, your share&lt;BR&gt;will be 25% of the total transfer sum, 70% for me and&lt;BR&gt;my partner while 5% will be set aside for any expenses&lt;BR&gt;both parties might incure during the process of the&lt;BR&gt;transfer. The fund will be transferred to your" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body>Attn,

RE: TRANSFER OF US$48.223 MILLION{FORTY EIGHT MILLION
TWO HUNDRED &amp; TWENTY THREE THOUSAND U.S DOLLARS ONLY}
TO YOUR ACCOUNT. [STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL] 

I feel quite safe dealing with you in this important
business having gone through your remarkable profile
on the internet. Though, this medium (Internet) has
been greatly abused, I choose to reach you through it
because it still remains the fastest medium of
communication. However, this correspondence is
unofficial and private, and it should be treated as
such.

At first I will like to assure you that this
transaction is 100% risk and trouble free to both
parties.

My name is Dr.Kazim Loch,I work as the
operational manager in account management section in
charge of credit and foreign bills of one of the prime
banks here in South Africa. On a routine inspection I
discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a
Balance Of
 US$48,223,000. 00 (Forty eight million two
hundred and twenty three thousand U.S dollar).On
further discreet investigation, I also discovered that
the account holder has died long ago with his family
on a fatal Auto-accident leaving no beneficiary to the
account and no other person knows about this account.
I am in close contact with the manager of the bank
here who is my partner and he is willing to approve
the transfer to any reliable and trustworthy foreigner
with foreign bank account because the former operator
of the a/c is a foreigner and from Australia in
particular.  I am certainly sure that he has no
written or oral WILL attached to the account , no
beneficiary and nobody will come again for the claim
of this money. 

It is only a foreigner who can claim this money with
legal claims to the account holder which I will
provide to you if you are interested, therefore I need
your cooperation in this transaction. The
 difference
in country of origins is not a hindrance to the
success of this transaction. This money will remain
useless in this dormant account if I did not transfer
the fund out to a foreign account.
I will provide the necessary information and documents
needed in order to claim this money. I only need your
cooperation as a foreigner to provide your safe bank
account information for the transfer. All arrangement
that will ensure a smooth transfer of the fund to the
account which you are to nominate is already in
place.You should also provide me with your direct
phone lines for easy communication. I wish for utmost
confidentiality in handling this transaction. 

At the conclussion of this transaction, your share
will be 25% of the total transfer sum, 70% for me and
my partner while 5% will be set aside for any expenses
both parties might incure during the process of the
transfer. The fund will be transferred to your
 account
in two parts. I will first transfer USD $20 Million to
your account. I will fly over to meet you after the
successful transfer for sharing according to the
agreed percentages. I will  have the remaining balance
of USD28,223 Million transferred to your account only
after the successful sharing of the first transfer
without any disappointment from your side.

Have a nice day as I entrust this transfer into your
hands. Let me hear from you Urgently.
Best Regards, 
Dr.Kazim Loch. <p>
		</p>


To help you stay safe and secure online, we've developed the all new <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/uk/taglines/default/security_centre/*http://uk.security.yahoo.com/">Yahoo! Security Centre</a>.</body></html>