<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CAN I TRUST YOU ON THIS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mustapha Momodu&quot; &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mustapha Momodu &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mustapha_stb@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-10T11:33:28Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mustapha_stb@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mustapha_stb@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CAN I TRUST YOU ON THIS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200603101133.k2ABXZxT003316@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mustapha Momodu&quot; &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mustapha Momodu &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mustapha Momodu&quot; &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mustapha Momodu &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-10T11:33:28Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-10T11:33:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Mar 10 06:33:43 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; so that the fruits of this old man's labour will not get into the" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200603101133.k2ABXZxT003316@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mustapha Momodu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mustapha Momodu&quot; &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mustapha Momodu &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2313" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mustapha Momodu &lt;mustapha_stb@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200603101133.k2ABXZxT003316@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>CAN I TRUST YOU ON THIS</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear Sir/Madam
Compliment of the day to you .
I got your contact through business search from the internet.
I am Mr.Mustapha Momodu, Account Manager of Standard Chartered Bank Kanashie Branch
. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. On December 29th
2002, an American contractor with the Government of Ghana, Mr. Michael Creek
made a numbered time (Fixed) deposited for twelve calendar months, valued at
TWENTY TWO Million,Four hundred thousand dollars ($22.4million) in my
branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding
address but got no reply.
After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers, that Mr. Michael Creek died from an automobile accident.
On further investigation, I found out that he did not leave a WILL and all
attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further
investigation and discovered that Mr. Michael Creek did not declare any next
of kin in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork.
This sum of $22.4million is still sitting in Standard Chartered Bank and the
interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.
No one will come forward to claim it.
According to the laws of the country, at the expiration of 5 (five) years,
the money will revert to the ownership of the Government if nobody applies
to claim the funds. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you to
assist me fully as foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Michael
creek,
 so that the fruits of this old man's labour will not get into the
hands of some corrupt officials.
This is simple, I will like you to provide me immediately with your full
names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents
and affidavites, which will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall
employ the services of two attorneys for drafting and notarization of the
WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration
in your favor for the transfer.
A bank account in any part of the world, which you will provide, will then
facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.
The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60%
for me and 30% for you while 10% will be set aside for miscellaneous
expenses. There is no risk involved in this transaction, as every necessary
paperwork for this fund, will be done and my position as the Branch Manager
guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.
Hope this mail will meet your perfect understanding.
Best Regards.
Mr.Mustapha Momodu

P/S:You can contact me also via my private email at mr_mustapha_stb@yahoo.com




</p>

</body></html>