<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Assalamo Alaikum" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="haleemhamza@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-11T01:01:53Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@C" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@C" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@C" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="hal.hamza@email.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="1e5984ac-1d93-48bd-bc96-de4bf44c7332" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="hhamza@cooltoad.com, I shall give you the contact information of the =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="hal.hamza@email.ro" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Assalamo Alaikum" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	for &lt;R@C&gt;; Fri, 10 Mar 2006 20:01:50 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200603110101.k2B11YWf008537@opus.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-11T01:01:53Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Allah Hafiz." />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-11T01:01:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Mar 10 20:02:11 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt; for &lt;R@C&gt;; Fri, 10 Mar 2006 20:01:50 -0500 (EST) Haleema Hamza." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200603110101.k2B11YWf008537@opus.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Haleema Hamza" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2318" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Haleema Hamza &lt;haleemhamza@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200603110101.k2B11YWf008537@opus.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>Assalamo Alaikum</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Bismillahir Rahmaanir Raheem,
Assalamo Alaikum,

Wasalaam to you,and how are you doing?. My intention of contacting you is to solicit your assistance for a project,  which will be mutually beneficial. Though I know my decision to contact you is to a large extent unconventional, the  prevailing circumstances necessitated my action. I am Haleema  Hamza from Libya. I am married to Late Mallam Mustafa Hamza of blessed memory was an oil explorer in Libya and Kuwait for twelve years before he died in the year 2000. We were married  for twelve years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both devoted Muslims. Since his death I too have been battling with both Cancer and fibroid problems.When my late Husband was alive he made a huge deposit in millions of US dollars with a Deposit Company in oversea. (I will tell you the amount as we proceed).

Recently, my doctor told me that I have only few months to live due to cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to either a Muslim organization or devoted Muslim individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein. My parents died at a tender age and i was brought up in the orphanage through the help of a devouted muslim.I want this Muslim organization or individual to use this money in all sincerity to fund mosques,  orphanages, widows, and also propagating the word of ALLAH and to ensure that the society upholds the views and belief of the Holy Quran.

The Holy Quran emphasizes so much on ALLAH'S benevolence and this has encouraged me to take the bold step. I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are into some radical Organizations and I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an Unholy manner. Hence the reasons for this
bold decision, I know that after death I will be with ALLAH the most beneficent and the most merciful. I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health, because of the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don't want them to know about this development. With ALLAH all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply on Email:hhamza@cooltoad.com, I shall give you the contact information of the Deposit Company in oversea where the money was deposited. I will also issue a letter of authority to the Deposit Company authorizing them that the said fund have being willed to you and a copy of such authorization will be forwarded to you. I want you and the Muslim community where you reside to always pray for me. My happiness is that I lived a true devoted Muslims worthy of emulation, Whoever that wants to serve ALLAH must serve him in truth and in fairness. I will not stipulate any precise amount to reward you, as it will have to be on pre-negotiated terms, based on your level of involvement.
Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply will give room in sourcing for a Muslim organization or a devoted Muslim for this same purpose. Until I hear from you by email, my dreams will rest squarely on your Shoulders. May the Almighty ALLAH continue to guide and  protect you.
     Allah Hafiz.
    Haleema Hamza.</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>