<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en-us" />
<meta name="subject" content="HELP FUFIL MY LAST WISH." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Harry Hilal&quot; &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Harry Hilal &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-name" content="BARRISTER.BILLY PARKER" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-10T17:47:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="harryhilal@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;Urgent&quot; &lt;R@C&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="Urgent &lt;R@C&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@C" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Harry Hilal&quot; &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Mozilla 4.79 (Macintosh; U; PPC)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="billybonparker02@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;C9CE5280.11216B6@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;Harry Hilal&quot; &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELP FUFIL MY LAST WISH." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Mozilla 4.79 (Macintosh; U; PPC)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	for &lt;R@C&gt;; Sat, 11 Mar 2006 03:13:16 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;C9CE5280.11216B6@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Harry Hilal&quot; &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Harry Hilal &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Harry Hilal&quot; &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Harry Hilal &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-10T17:47:05Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-10T17:47:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Mar 11 03:13:26 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en-us" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt; for &lt;R@C&gt;; Sat, 11 Mar 2006 03:13:16 -0500 (EST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Harry Hilal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Harry Hilal&quot; &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Harry Hilal &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2321" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Harry Hilal &lt;harryhilal@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;C9CE5280.11216B6@netscape.net&gt;" />
<title>HELP FUFIL MY LAST WISH.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Friend.
 
Good day and God bless you. I feel quite safe and satisfy dealing with you
in this charity project.Though, this medium (Internet) has been greatly
abused, I choose to reach you through it because it still remains the
fastest, surest and most secured medium of communication. However, this
correspondence is purely private, and it should be treated as such.

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe
everyone will die someday. My name is MR.HARRY HILAL,in the region of U.A.E.
I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer . It has defiled all forms of
medical treatment, and right now I have only about a few months to live,
according to medical experts.

I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for
anyone(not even myself)but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never
generous, I was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as
that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know
that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money
in the world.

I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would
live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has
called me, I have willed and given most of my property and assets to my
immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided to
give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some charity
organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore. I once asked members
of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which I
have there to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan, they refused
and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as
they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them.

The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of
TWELVE MILLION DOLLARS $12,000,000,that I have with a finance/Security
Company abroad. I will want you to help me collect this deposit and
dispatched it to charity organizations.

I have set aside 25% for you and for your time if you want to help me to
collect this Funds and also invest this money.

N.B-PLEASE I WILL ADVICE YOU TO GIVE THE
LAWYER IN CHARGE A CALL IN HOLLAND IMMEDIATELY, HE DOES EVERYTHING ON MY
BEHALF AND HE'S VERY
UNDERSTANDING AND I BELIEVE HE WILL LEAD YOU TO YOUR SUCCESS IN JESUS NAME
AMEN.

Name: BARRISTER.BILLY PARKER
Tel number: 0031633795463
Email: billybonparker02@netscape.net

Remain blessed in the name of the Lord.

Yours in Christ,

Mr.Harry HILAL 




</p>

</body></html>