<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dr.Daniel Nando" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;daniel nando&quot; &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="daniel nando &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//desktop.msn.fr/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-12T10:04:57Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nandodaniel111@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nandodaniel111@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dr.Daniel Nando" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="12 Mar 2006 10:05:00.0530 (UTC) FILETIME=[6CA10D20:01C645BC]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;daniel nando&quot; &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="daniel nando &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;daniel nando&quot; &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="daniel nando &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-12T10:04:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-12T10:04:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="12 Mar 2006 10:05:00.0530 (UTC) FILETIME=[6CA10D20:01C645BC]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Mar 12 05:05:18 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="daniel nando" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;daniel nando&quot; &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="daniel nando &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2324" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="daniel nando &lt;nandodaniel20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<title>Dr.Daniel Nando</title>
</head>
<body><p>Please always be in contact with me through this
alternative email address at
[nandodaniel111@yahoo.it]because of security reasons.

Dear Friend,

I am Dr.Daniel Nando presently i am practising with a
private hospital here in Ivory Coast W/Africa, And you
don,t worry because I got your contact through a chamber of
commerce and will like to explain to you about a
transaction which I hope you can assist which will benefit
both of us.

I have a patient, a Sierra Leonia woman who was on
admission for some weeks in my hospital for a complicated
ill health as the result but her recovery have been
eventful.

As a matter of fact, one night this woman called my
attention and began to tell me her circumstances that she
and his only son was refugee here,and that her late husband
a militry officer died in a rebel conflict in his
country,And that the immediate brother to her late husband
was threaten to eliminate the life of her only son because
of the matter of certificate of deposit and she could not
bear it and manage to escaped through a neighburig country
with the certificate of deposite of some (1) trunk box
deposited in the security company decleared as family
valuable which was traced in Ivory Coast W/Africa that she
has confided in me to reveal this secrect to me because of
the help i have given to her and her son.

That the content of the consigenment was physical cash of
$15. million(USD)and why he did this is because the militry
body have once trailed the account of her late husband, at
this stage She have decided to leave this
country because of political crisis and requested me to
seek an honest foreigner who will assist in the
transffering the money out for investiment of her son, i
have accepted and requested for a proof and she provid the
documents of the deposit which was clear and legitimate,
and was in my poccession the documents.

Though i have given her the medical &amp; humanitarian help as
i could based on the ethics of my proffesion. Therefore, i
have consider to assist her and to contact a genuine person
who can also consider to help as well showing that an
international brotherhood is reality towards this madam
and her son. She also promise to intimate us with 10% of
the total amount of the money and i hope if you can
understand the request and the assistance which i hope you
can respond positivey.

In the meantime,i hope to hearing from you soon.please call
me on this number 0022507483378 so that we can talk.

Your sincerely,

Dr.Daniel Nando

_________________________________________________________________
http://desktop.msn.fr/



</p>

</body></html>