<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT  RESPOUNCE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr. John.&quot; &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. John. &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jow45@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-13T10:27:17Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="johw75@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="johw75@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT  RESPOUNCE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	for &lt;R@C&gt;; Mon, 13 Mar 2006 05:20:35 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200603131020.k2DAKPWf005510@opus.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr. John.&quot; &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. John. &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr. John.&quot; &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. John. &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-13T10:27:17Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 nt officials=2E This is simple=2C I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that I will place every necessary information about you in the late account owner=92s file and our computer data base as his next of kin entitled to inherit his deposited fund=2E We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate=2Fadministration in your favour for the transfer=2E A bank account in any part of the world that you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary=2Fnext of kin=2E The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 50% for me and 30% for you=2E The remaining 20% will be for any expenses we might incurred during the course of the transaction=2E There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the su!" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-13T10:27:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar 13 05:20:41 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt; for &lt;R@C&gt;; Mon, 13 Mar 2006 05:20:35 -0500 (EST) ccessful execution of this transaction=2E If you are interested=2C ple" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200603131020.k2DAKPWf005510@opus.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr. John." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr. John.&quot; &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. John. &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2329" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr. John. &lt;jow45@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200603131020.k2DAKPWf005510@opus.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>URGENT  RESPOUNCE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>John William
61 Fann Residence
Dakar Senegal
E-mail:johw75@yahoo.com &lt;mailto:johw75@yahoo.com&gt;
Attention: The President/CEO.
I am Dr John William, Bank Manager in one of the leading banks here in Dakar Senegal. I have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. A contract employers- Teaser Petroleum Corporation made a numbered time Deposit for twelve calendar months,

valued at US$27,000,000.00 (Twenty seven Million Dollars) in my bank. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally discovered from his contract employers, Teaser Petroleum Corporation
that MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich Germany died in a plane crash along with his entire family in July 2000.PLEASE TAKE A CAREFULL LOOK AT THE BBC PUBLISHED Monday, 31 July, 2000, 13:22 GMT 14:22
UK:http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm
Since we got this information about his death and on further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigated and discovered that Mr. Andreas Schranner did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$27,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to Laws of Senegal, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Senegalese Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Andreas Schranner so that the fruits of this old man's labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt governme!
 nt officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that I will place every necessary information about you in the late account owner’s file and our computer data base as his next of kin entitled to inherit his deposited fund. We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favour for the transfer. A bank account in any part of the world that you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 50% for me and 30% for you. The remaining 20% will be for any expenses we might incurred during the course of the transaction. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the su!
 ccessful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, ple
ase reply immediately via the private email address above. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.
Awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email
address. johw75@yahoo.com &lt;mailto:johw75@yahoo.com&gt;
Regards,
DrJohn William.




</p>

</body></html>