<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="READ,UNDERSTAND AND ANSWER IN REPLY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa.&quot; &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa. &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-16T23:00:36Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sigmod-pods06-webmaster@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="flo_achiah2006@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="flo_achiah2006@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="READ,UNDERSTAND AND ANSWER IN REPLY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200603162301.k2GN1eRg005425@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa.&quot; &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa. &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa.&quot; &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa. &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-16T23:00:36Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-16T23:00:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar 16 18:01:47 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200603162301.k2GN1eRg005425@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa.&quot; &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa. &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2343" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa. &lt;f.achiah@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200603162301.k2GN1eRg005425@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>READ,UNDERSTAND AND ANSWER IN REPLY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>My Dear,
I contact you in such a surprising manner,but i respectfully insist
that you read this mail carefully as i am optimistic that it will open
DOORS forunimaginable financial reward for both of us. It is my pleasure
to introduce to you a business that will make the beginning of
never-ending family relationship. I hope that this proposal will not be an
inconvenience or
embarrassment to you.


I must not hesitate to confide in you this simple and sincere request
business for our mutual benefit.I am Mrs FLORENCE ACHIAH RUSANGANWA, the
only Daughter of late Mr.Steve Achiah Rusanganwa{Snr}, a BEJA TRIBE
MEMBER of EASTERN SUDAN in
Republic of SUDAN. I am 25 years of age. My father was a prosperous
coffee and tin ore merchant in KHARTOUM, capital of the Republic of SUDAN
before his untimely death. After his business trip to Abidjan - Cote
d'Ivoire, to negotiate
on a Coffee and tin ore business he wanted to invest in Abidjan ? Cote
d'Ivoire.


A week after he came back from Abidjan, he was attacked with my mother
by unknown assassins suspected to be Darfurian Rebels under the Sudan
Liberation Army/Movement (SLA/M) and the Justice and Equality
Movement(JEM) who were demanding an end to alleged economic marginalisation and
sought power-sharing within the Sudanese state believed that my father
has been given financial support to Beja Militia Rebels. After my
parents death,i was aided by our church pastor,a good friend of my father
through Chadian capital, N'Djamena to escape to ACCRA-GHANA.


But before my father gave up the ghost, it was as if he knew he was
going to die,He disclosed to me that he deposited the sum of
USD$18,500,000 (Eighteen Million,Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only)
in cash
concealed in (2)two trunk boxes and deposited it with a private
security house here in Accra Ghana which he declared and register as FAMILY
VALUABLES, because of political problems here and there.


My late Father signed an agreement that the consignment should only be
released to a foreign trustee of my choice or release it to me when i
will become 29years old. So I want you to please assist me stand as my
nominated foreign trustee and claim the boxes from the security company
The money was meant for the importation of machineries for his coffee
processing plant for a company which he wanted to establish in Abidjan ?
Cote d'Ivoire.


Unfortunately he did not live to achieve it before he was
gunneddown.But since I have no experience or interest in this type of business,i am
seeking a reliable and trust worthy business partner who will assist me
to secure,claim-out and transfer this funds abroad strictly for
investment purposes and for guidance.


Now I am soliciting for your assistance to help me to claim-out and
transfer these 2 trunk boxes to your destination or abode, holding on my
behalf and aid me to leave Accra-GHANA. When I join you, we can then
invest jointly in any meaningful lucrative business in your country
because this is my only hope in life. You shall be entitled to a significant
portion of the fund which will be deliberated upon your acceptance to
this offer. Waiting anxiously to hear from you so that we can discuss
the modalities of this transaction.


Only three options is waiting to effect this huge fund business.
(1)You have to come down here and confidently acompany it to your
country.
(2)You have to volunteer any means of delivery to air lift it to your
door step.
(3)You have to use your influence and white-personality to claim it out
and moved it to the bank for transfer to your designated account.


Please i will like you to answer me this questions.
(1)Can a black lady build house in your country and invest there?
(2)Can a black lady be given staying permit and be allowed to visit
sight seen?
(3)Can i direct any company of my own?


Thanks for your kindness and get back to me with the indication of your
interest to help me.


Yours sincerely,
Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa.


Note:You answer me through my alternative email
address(flo_achiah2006@yahoo.co.uk)






</p>

</body></html>