<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030523052123.58735.qmail@web41906.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="subject" content="VERY URGENT ATTENTION" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrsm_3sani@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrsm_3sani@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mrsm_3sani@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrsm_3sani@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 23 01:21:34 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrsm_3sani@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20030523052123.58735.qmail@web41906.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY URGENT ATTENTION" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-234" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030523052123.58735.qmail@web41906.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<title>VERY URGENT ATTENTION</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF DR. 
HAJIA MARIAM S. ABACHA
ATTN,

I am Hajia Mariam Abacha the wife of the formal head
of state the Fedral Republic of Nigeran Late General
Sani Abacha.

Following the sudden death of my husband General Sani
Abacha the late former head of state of Nigeria in 
August 1998, I have been thrown into a state of  utter
confusion, frustration and hopelessness by the 
present civilian administration, I have been subjected
to physical and psychological torture by the security
agents in the country. 

I have lost confidence with anybody within  the
country.You must have heard over the media reports
and the internet on the recovery of various huge sums
of money deposited by my husband in different
security firms abroad, some companies willingly give
up their secrets and disclosed our money confidently
lodged there or many out right blackmail.In fact
the total sum discovered by the Government so far is
in the tune of  $700. Million dollars. And they are
not relenting to make me poor for life. 
 
I got your contacts through my personal research,and
out of desperation decided to reach you.I will give
you more information as to this regard as soon as you 
reply.I repose great confidence in you hence my 
approach to you due to security network placed on  my 
day affairs I cannot afford to visit the embassy so
that is why I decided to contact you and I hope you
will not betray my confidence in you. I have 
deposited the sum of 48.3 million dollars with a
security firm abroad whose name is with held for now
until we open communication. 

I shall be grateful if you could receive this fund 
into your account for safe keeping.
This arrangement is known to you and my son Mustapha
Abacha alone who have just been relised by the Federal
Government,so my son will deal directly with you as
security  is up my whole being.

I am seriously considering to settle down abroad in a
friendly atmosphere like yours as soon as this fund
get into your account so that I can start all over
again if only you wish, but if it is impossible,just
help me indiverting this fund into your account which
will accrue you 30% of this fund.Please honesty is
the watch word in this  transaction. 

I will give you a more detailed picture of  things. 
In case you dont accept please do not let me out  to 
the security as I am giving you this information  in 
total trust and confidence 

I will greatly appreciate if you accept my  proposal
in good faith.Please expedite action. 

Sincerely yours
 
Hajia Mariam Abacha 

N.B

I would like you to send me your Phone/fax numbers so
that my son will call you for more details.








 






__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
The New Yahoo! Search - Faster. Easier. Bingo.
http://search.yahoo.com

</p>

</body></html>