<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DEAN GRAY&quot; &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DEAN GRAY &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-20T02:40:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="deangray200@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="deangray200@netscape.net " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="deangray200@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060320023234.E4874C030@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DEAN GRAY&quot; &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="DEAN GRAY &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DEAN GRAY&quot; &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DEAN GRAY &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-20T02:40:35Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-20T02:40:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Mar 19 21:41:02 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt; PROPOSITION=3A" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060320023234.E4874C030@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DEAN GRAY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DEAN GRAY&quot; &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="DEAN GRAY &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2356" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DEAN GRAY &lt;deangray200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060320023234.E4874C030@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>VERY URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>

DEAN GRAY
CALLE SEVILLA 112,
28001,MADRID- SPAIN
TELL:+34 639 446 879
PRIVATE E-MAIL:deangray@lycos.es

                            PROPOSITION:

Dear Sir/Madam,
I am Mr.Dean Gray, the Auditor General of a reputable bank in Spain ,
during the course of our auditing I discovered a floating fund in an
account opened in the bank in 1990 and since 1991 till date nobody has operated on this
account again, after going through some old files in the records I discovered
an abandoned deposit in my bank by one of our foreign customers who died along
with his entire family as a result of an automobile crash. He actually
made a numbered time (fixed)deposit valued at US$112,000,000.00
(One Hundred and Twelve million united states dollars),for twelve calendar
months in my bank.The funds was actually meant for a project our late client wanted to start
in the near future (a multi million Dollar steel plant in Canada),
I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but
got no reply. After a month, I sent a reminder and finally we discovered
that Mr.Cosban died from an automobile accident with his entire family .On further investigation, I
found out that he died without making a Will, and all attempts to trace
his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation
and discovered that Mr. Cosban did not declare any next of kin or
relations in all his official documents,including his Bank Deposit
paperwork in our Bank.
Upon this discovery, I now seek your permission to have you stand as a
next of kin to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully
worked out by me for the funds to be released in your favour as the
beneficiary's next of kin. Please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance
of our mutual business endeavor by furnishing me with the following information's;

1.  FULL NAMES AND ADDRESS:
2. DIRECT TELEPHONE NUMBER AND FAX NUMBERS:
3. OCCUPATION AND POSITION:
4. NATIONALITY
5. MARITAL STATUS:
6. AGE /SEX:

These requirements will enable me file letter of claim to the
appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favour before
i could proceed on the transfer of the funds to the designated account of your choice.
I shall be compensating you with 35% of the total money while 65% will be  mine on final conclusion of this project
If this proposal is acceptable by you, do not take undue advantage of
the trust I have bestowed in you, I await your urgent mail. Please reply
to my private and confidential email: deangray@lycos.es




Best Regards,
Mr. Dean Gray




</p>

</body></html>