<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-20T09:59:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-references" content="" />
<meta name="relation" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mr_ibrahim_wata001@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;41149.212.52.139.61.1142848744.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mr_ibrahim_wata001@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        Mon, 20 Mar 2006 09:59:04 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;41149.212.52.139.61.1142848744.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="creator" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-20T09:59:04Z" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 FROM THE DESK OF MR. IBRAHIM WATA" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-20T09:59:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:References" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar 20 05:41:46 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn&gt; Mon, 20 Mar 2006 09:59:04 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="Author" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-details:http" content="//www-tech.mit.edu/V120/N32/gulfair.32w.html" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2358" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mr_ibrahim_wata@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;41149.212.52.139.61.1142848744.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION</title>
</head>
<body><p>  FROM THE DESK OF MR. IBRAHIM WATA
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
BANK OF AFRICA (BOA).
OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO.

Alternative e-mail : mr_ibrahim_wata1@latinmail.com


Dear  Sir/Madam

I know that this letter may come to you as a surprise but due to the
urgency of this transaction.First I must solicit your confidence in this
transaction, this is by virtue of it's nature as being utterly
confidential and top secret. Though I know that a transaction of this
magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring
you that all will be well at the end of the day. There is no doubt that
trust conceptually is a conundrum which leadsitself to deferring
interpretation, we have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this
transaction.

I am the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department
of BANK OF AFRICA(BOA). I came to know you in my private search for a
reliable and reputable person to handle this Confidential Transaction,
which involves thetransfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account
requiring maximum confidence.

I am writing to you, following the impressive information received about
you from the chambers of commerce. I believed that you are capable and
reliable to champion this business opportunity. In my department we
discovered an abandoned sum of $30m US dollars (Thirty million US
dollars). In an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who
died along with his entire family On August 23, 2000 through Gulf Air
Flight 72 with Airbus A320 crashed off, killing all 143 people on board
and you can view the site for more
details:http://www-tech.mit.edu/V120/N32/gulfair.32w.html

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next
of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it
unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased
as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we learnt that
all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I and other officials in my department now decided to make
this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of
kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement
since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the
Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.

The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after five years, the money will be transferred into the Bank
treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner
and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

We agree that 30% of this money will be for you as foreign partner, in
respect to the provision of a foreign account, 10 % will be set aside for
expenses incurred during the business and 60 % would be for me and my
colleagues. There after I and my colleagues will visit your country for
disbursement according to the percentages indicated.

Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as
arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of
the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number,your
private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and
location where in the money will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this
transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of
fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.

You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.

Yours faithfully,

MR. IBRAHIM WATA
Bill and exchange manager,
BANK OF AFRICA (BOA)





</p>

</body></html>