<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Sir, " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tony_909williams@yahoo.com Since we are from a polygamous home, after the death" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tony_909williams@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="tony_909williams@yahoo.com Since we are from a polygamous home, after the death" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-312533415-1142850801=:57752" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060320103321.69081.qmail@web37813.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Sir, " />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-312533415-1142850801=" content="57752 " />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-312533415-1142850801=" content="57752" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-312533415-1142850801=" content="57752--" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=V1CYLuVNCl7Q2MllAO6r9ey5J5IgGwwEaCu+JEr5zKsQDejPvh4DdulW7KJQbL65hoMiBTz5ZwOCQh7TZC2b9ni7fXiquQ+CcPAoFwh4MOkolNG6Th6EKY4i0d22aVBpIHcZLJZXUfGpKpMKUQjti0RWi8xWXMKRdPKhXyo3/j4=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit " />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit TONY  WILLIAMS  JOHNSON" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060320103321.69081.qmail@web37813.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=V1CYLuVNCl7Q2MllAO6r9ey5J5IgGwwEaCu+JEr5zKsQDejPvh4DdulW7KJQbL65hoMiBTz5ZwOCQh7TZC2b9ni7fXiquQ+CcPAoFwh4MOkolNG6Th6EKY4i0d22aVBpIHcZLJZXUfGpKpMKUQjti0RWi8xWXMKRdPKhXyo3/j4=  ; I humbly ask for your assistance to enable me regards.&lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;TONY&amp;nbsp; WILLIAMS&amp;nbsp; JOHNSON&lt;br&gt;&lt;/tt&gt;&lt;p&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar 20 05:33:24 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Sir, they&lt;br&gt;are all fighting for themselves and their selfish&lt;br&gt;interest.&lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;Right now all I want from you is your bank account&lt;br&gt;number where we can instruct the bank to transfer this&lt;br&gt;money to you by telegraphic transfer, which takes&lt;br&gt;about three working days. &lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;br&gt;We are making this arrangement in order to avoid the&lt;br&gt;rest of the children and their mothers, because if&lt;br&gt;they find out they will take everything from us. It is&lt;br&gt;for the mutual benefit of both of us, you will be&lt;br&gt;entitle to twenty percent of the funds, as the owner&lt;br&gt;of the account, the total amount in the bank is $21&lt;br&gt;million dollars. &lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;br&gt;Please reply immediately with your Bank account&lt;br&gt;details so that we can forward the information to the&lt;br&gt;bank of ghana to expedite the transfer immediately. &lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;br&gt;Could you also include your contact address, fax&lt;br&gt;numbers and your private mobile phone number for easy&lt;br&gt;communication. &lt;br&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;br&gt;Best" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2359" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060320103321.69081.qmail@web37813.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>Sir, </title>
</head>
<body> Sir, 
  I humbly ask for your assistance to enable me
transfer the money my late father kept in a bank
in(THE TRUST BANK)before he died, into your nominated
account overseas. My name is TONY WILLIAMS JOHNSON, my
mother's name is Madam Mariam Johnson and my late
father's name is Chief Omeh Attah Johnson. 
 
He was a gold and diamond merchant from Ashanti region
of Ghana in West Africa I am from a polygamous family
and my father has four wives and twenty-four children,
am the eighth child and my mother is the last wife of
my father and he entrusted all his valuable documents
to her.
 
 Since we are from a polygamous home, after the death
of my father, the whole family has been deserted. Now
my elder brothers, sisters and their mothers are in
search of my father's documents but my mother who is
in possession of the documents has refused to disclose
the custodian of the documents to them, because
 they
are all fighting for themselves and their selfish
interest.
 
 Right now all I want from you is your bank account
number where we can instruct the bank to transfer this
money to you by telegraphic transfer, which takes
about three working days. 
 
We are making this arrangement in order to avoid the
rest of the children and their mothers, because if
they find out they will take everything from us. It is
for the mutual benefit of both of us, you will be
entitle to twenty percent of the funds, as the owner
of the account, the total amount in the bank is $21
million dollars. 
 
Please reply immediately with your Bank account
details so that we can forward the information to the
bank of ghana to expedite the transfer immediately. 
 
Could you also include your contact address, fax
numbers and your private mobile phone number for easy
communication. 
 
Best
 regards.
 
 TONY  WILLIAMS  JOHNSON
<p>
		</p>


Yahoo! Mail

Bring photos to life! <a shape="rect" href="http://pa.yahoo.com/*http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=39174/*http://photomail.mail.yahoo.com">New PhotoMail </a> makes sharing a breeze. 
</body></html>