<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="THANKS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2004/tsunami.disaster/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-22T01:35:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ramoshamza@aol.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-no" content="55 Pyne Cresent," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ramoshamza@excite.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.0.4)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060321193530.c8auwaxh48ok48ow@webmail.onesite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="THANKS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.0.4)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	Tue, 21 Mar 2006 19:35:30 -0600" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="Attention," />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060321193530.c8auwaxh48ok48ow@webmail.onesite.com&gt; and obtained from the necessary authorities." />
<meta name="creator" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=ISO-8859-1;	format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-22T01:35:30Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 charset=ISO-8859-1;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-22T01:35:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 21 20:36:40 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt; Tue, 21 Mar 2006 19:35:30 -0600 format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="ramoshamza@excite.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="RAMOS HAMZA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2363" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="RAMOS HAMZA &lt;ramoshamza@aol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060321193530.c8auwaxh48ok48ow@webmail.onesite.com&gt; and obtained from the necessary authorities." />
<title>THANKS</title>
</head>
<body><p>RAMOS HAMZA&amp; Co Chambers,
Legal Practitioners
Solicitors At Law
No: 55 Pyne Cresent,
Victoria Island,
Lagos-Nigeria



RE:Attention,
I am barrister RAMOS HAMZA, the Legal Adviser and counsel to adeceased 
expatriate contractor (Eng.Arthur) who used to work with Zenith Oil and 
Gas Company here in Nigeria thereafter shall be referred to as my late 
client.

On the 26th December 2004, my client and his entire family died while
on Vacation at Phuket Island in Thailand as a result of the Asia Earth
Quake Disaster(TSUNAMI DISASTER) You will read more stories about the 
crash  on  visiting this
http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2004/tsunami.disaster/
Meanwhile, On the 6th of January 2005,I recieved a phone call as his
personal Attorney where the tragic news of my clients death in the
Tsunami disaster was broke to me.

And since then, I have made several enquiries to locate any of his
extended relatives.This has proved unsuccessful hence I contacted you
in my attempt to trace any member of his family over the internet.
Therefore, I am seeking  your consent and assistance in repartriating
money  left behind by my late client before it gets confiscated or
declared unserviceable by the bank where the deposit is
lodged. The deposit is valued US$5,200,000.00 (Five Million; Two
Thousand  United States Dollars) only and it is lodged with Linkworld
International  Bank Nigeria Plc.

The management board of the bank, after their executive meeting
fortnight  ago, mandated me to provide his next of kin to inherit the
funds  the deceased left behind or else, it will be declared non 
claimable hence the bankers intend to invoke the abandoned property 
decree of 1996 to confiscate the funds after the expiration of the 
period given to me.

I hereby seek your consent to present you to the bank as next-of-kin of
the deceased, so that the proceeds of this account valued
US$5,200,000.00 can be transferred to you as the heir to the deceased, 
and thereafter  you,and I will share the money at the ratio of 50% to 
me and 45% to you,  while 5% will be donated to the Tsunami Disaster 
Charity Fund.

I guarantee that the transaction will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law hence all
the necessary legal documents that will be required of you by the
management of the bank in backing up your claims will be duly processed 
  and obtained from the necessary authorities.
To commence this process, it is very important that you provide with me
the following information,

1.Your name and contact address in full.
2.Your Telephone and fax numbers.
3.Your Occupation/company's name and address.
4.Your age and marital status.

As soon as I recieve the above stated information, I will file-in a
formal application on your behalf to the bank for them to commence the
process of  transferring the fund into your designated bank account as 
the next  of kin to my deceased client.

Yours truly,
RAMOS HAMZA (ESQ)



</p>

</body></html>