<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;CHUKS ANTHONY&quot; &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="CHUKS ANTHONY &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="chuksanthony05@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-23T16:49:14Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chuksanths@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chuksanths@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305230849.h4N8mwb26953@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;CHUKS ANTHONY&quot; &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="CHUKS ANTHONY &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;CHUKS ANTHONY&quot; &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="CHUKS ANTHONY &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-23T16:49:14Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-23T16:49:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 23 04:49:17 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305230849.h4N8mwb26953@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="CHUKS ANTHONY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;CHUKS ANTHONY&quot; &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="CHUKS ANTHONY &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-236" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="CHUKS ANTHONY &lt;chuksanthony05@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305230849.h4N8mwb26953@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title> </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir / Madam

I am Mr.Chuks Anthony,an account officer with Stanbic Bank of South Africa.

I have an urgent and confidential business proposition for you. On June
6,
1997, an American Mining Consultant/Contractor with the South African
Mining
Corporation, Mr. Ken Power made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for
twelve
(12) calendar months, valued at US$28,320,000.00 (Twenty-Eight Million Three Hundred and Twenty Thousand Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to
his
forwarding address but got no reply.

After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers, the South African Mining Corporation that Mr. Ken
Power
died from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I found out
that
he died without making a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin
was
fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that
Mr.
Ken Power did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his
official
documents, including his Bank Deposit paper work in my Bank. This sum
of
$28,000,000.00 USD is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is
being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.

No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to South African
Law,
at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the
ownership
of the South African Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.
Consequently, my proposal is that I would like you to stand in as the
next
of kin to Mr. Ken Power so that the fruits of this old man's labour
will not
get into the hands of some corrupt government officials. This is
simple, I
will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so
that the
Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which will
put
you in place as the next of kin.

We shall employ the service of an Accredited Attorney for drafting and
notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and
letter of
Probate/Administration in your favour for the transfer. A bank Account
in
any part of the world which you will provide will then facilitate the
transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money
will
be paid into your Account for us to share in the ration of 60% for me
and
40% for you.

There is no risk at all as the paper work for this transaction will be
done
by the Attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please
reply immediately email.

Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details and
relevant
documentsthat will help you understand the transaction. Please observe
utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would
be
most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance
to
invest my share in your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply.

Mr. Chuks Anthony




</p>

</body></html>