<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Kindly assist from Dr. Femi Petersen." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr. Femi Petersen&quot; &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. Femi Petersen &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-27T01:36:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drfemipetersen@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="femi_petersen@excite.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Kindly assist from Dr. Femi Petersen." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="femi_petersen@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200603270136.k2R1aRxf024933@web14.hosthome.de&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr. Femi Petersen&quot; &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. Femi Petersen &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr. Femi Petersen&quot; &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. Femi Petersen &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-27T01:36:27Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-27T01:36:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;apache@web14.hosthome.de&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Mar 26 20:59:45 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;apache@web14.hosthome.de&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200603270136.k2R1aRxf024933@web14.hosthome.de&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr. Femi Petersen" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr. Femi Petersen&quot; &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. Femi Petersen &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2380" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr. Femi Petersen &lt;drfemipetersen@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200603270136.k2R1aRxf024933@web14.hosthome.de&gt; " />
<title>Kindly assist from Dr. Femi Petersen.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,
 
First, I must apologise to you for using this medium to communicate to 
you about this project.
 
I am a highly placed official of  Government of Nigeria and also a 
founding member of the ruling party in Power now,the Peoples Democratic 
Party(PDP).My committee - The Niger Delta Development 
Corporation(NDDC)-which is in charge of managing and supervising  the disbursement of oil 
sales  revenues for the Nigerian government which covers payment to 
foreign and local contractors who has executed contracts for our 
country.The revenues  under our control runs into several hundred of millions of 
dollars monthly.Myself and other colleagues in the NDDC are currently 
in need of a  foreign partner with whose bank account we shall transfer 
the sum of Forty Nine Million Five Hundred Thosand United States 
Dollars($49.5m).This fund was accrued from various over invoicing of foreign 
contractors payments 
made over the years.
 
The Total fund is presently waiting in the Government Account named 
CBN/FGN INDEPENDENT REVENUE account number 400-939134 with J.P.MORGAN 
CHASE BANK,New York.You can do your independent verification of this. 
However, by virtue of our  position as civil servants and members of  the 
NDDC, we cannot acquire this funds in our name. This is because as top 
civil servants, we are not allowed by law of the land to own or operate 
bank accounts outside our country for now.
 
I have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues, to look 
for an overseas partner in whose account we would transfer the fund Hence 
the reason for this mail.We shall be Transferring the money to your 
account with your company as the beneficiary and you are been paid for a 
contract which you executed for our country through the NDDC and any 
other Federal Ministry that we decide to use to siphon the funds through. 

For your support and partnership,please reply me to negotiate your fees 
or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive your bank 
account.You must however note that this transaction, withregards to our 
disposition to continue with you, is subject to these terms. 
 
Firstly, our conviction of your transparency. Secondly, that you treat 
this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality. Finally and 
above all, that you will provide an account that you have absolute 
control over.
 
The transaction, although discrete, is legitimate and there is no risk 
or legal disadvantages either to ourselves or yourself now or in the 
future as we have put in place perfect mchineries that will ensure a hitch 
free transfer into your account upon acceptance.
 
The transfer will be effected to your account within ten-fourteen 
(10-14) working days as soon as we reach an agreement and you furnish me 
with a  suitable bank account and company name and address with all your 
contact numbers including fax number.
 
I am looking forward to doing business with you and do solicit your 
confidentiality in this transaction,  Please mail your response to me.
 
Yours faithfully,

Dr. Femi Petersen.






</p>

</body></html>