<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mohamedah_009@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE REPLY IMMIDIATELY " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;a hafaf&quot; &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="a hafaf &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mohamedah_009@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-29T22:13:07Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mohamedah33333@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mohamedah33333@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE REPLY IMMIDIATELY " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="29 Mar 2006 22:13:11.0527 (UTC) FILETIME=[F783DF70:01C6537D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mohamedah_009@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;a hafaf&quot; &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="a hafaf &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;a hafaf&quot; &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="a hafaf &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-29T22:13:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-29T22:13:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="29 Mar 2006 22:13:11.0527 (UTC) FILETIME=[F783DF70:01C6537D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mohamedah_009@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar 29 17:13:18 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mohamedah_009@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="a hafaf" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;a hafaf&quot; &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="a hafaf &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2385" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="a hafaf &lt;mohamedah_009@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE REPLY IMMIDIATELY </title>
</head>
<body><p>(READ CAREFULLY ADN KEEP CONFIDENTIAL)

FROM/MR MOHAMEDAH A HAFAR

THE MANAGER OF AUDIT &amp;
ACCOUTANCY DEPT.
BANK OF AFRICA(B.O.A)
OUGADOUGOU?BURKINA-FASO

Dear partner

Good day and how are you doing with your family? Hope fine.
Please let this message do not be a surprise to you because i got your 
contact information and lay all the trust in you before i decided to 
disclose this confidential and successful transaction to you.

I am the MOHAMEDAH A HAFAR  AUDIT &amp; ACCOUNTANCY DEPARTMENT of our bank and i 
decided to contact you over this financial transaction worth the sum of 
NINETEEN MILLION,THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS 
($19,300,000.00 ) for our present future success.

This is an abandoned fund that belongs to one of our bank foreign customers 
who died along with his entire family on through plane crash disaster about 
3 years ago.Meanwhile i was very fortune to came across the deceased file 
when i was arranging the old and abandoned customers files of 2002-2005 in 
other to submit to the entire bank management  for an official 
re-documentation.

Be obviously informed that it was stated in our BANKING POLICY and signed 
lawfully that if such fund remains unclaimed  till the period of FOUR(4) 
years started counting from the date when the beneficiary died, the money 
will be transferred into the BANK TREASURY as an unclaimed fund.Besides, it 
is not authorized by the law guiding our bank for a citizen of BURKINA FASO 
to make the claim of the fund.So the request of you as a foreigner is 
necessary to apply for the claim and transfer of the fund smoothly into your 
reliable bank account as the NEXT OF KIN to the deceased.

Note that when the fund is transferred into your account, Thirty Five 
Percent (35%) will be for you in respect of all your assistance for the 
transfer of the fund into your account and provision of the bank account 
where the bank will remit the fund into,Fifty Five Percent (55%) will be for 
me as the rest Ten Percent(10%) will be shared to  Charity Organisations 
Centers, Motherless Babies Homes, and helpless people that surrounded us 
around the World.

If you are really sure of your integerity, trustworthy and confidentiality, 
and accept not to cheat, betray or disappoint me after this when the fund is 
transferred into your account, reply for the
re-assurance with your telephone and fax numbers  necessary for effective 
communication. As soon as you reply , call me through my private telephone 
number on (00226 76 498168 ) so that i will let you know the steps and 
procedures to follow in order to finalize this transaction immediately.

I expect your urgent communication.
Yours sincerely,

MR MOHAMEDAH  A  HAFAR.

THE MANAGER AUDIT ACCOUNTANCY DEPT( B.O.A).

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger: appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>