<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM: Mr.Chris Kolade." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Chris Kolade." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-03-30T11:39:02Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chriskolade@88.am" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chriskolade@88.am" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;2173da2148cf.2148cf2173da@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM: Mr.Chris Kolade." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;2173da2148cf.2148cf2173da@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Chris Kolade." />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Chris Kolade." />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-03-30T11:39:02Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-03-30T11:39:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ckolade@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 Patch 1 (built Aug 19 2002)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-telephone" content="234-802-5072565." />
<meta name="MboxParser-telephone" content="234-802-5072565." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar 30 06:51:03 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ckolade@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Chris Kolade." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Chris Kolade." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 Patch 1 (built Aug 19 2002)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2386" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;2173da2148cf.2148cf2173da@universia.net.mx&gt;" />
<title>FROM: Mr.Chris Kolade.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: Mr.Chris Kolade.
33 MARINA,LAGOS.NIGERIA.
Alternative email address:chriskolade@88.am
Telephone: 234-802-5072565.

Good Day,

l am Mr.Chris Kolade, Civil Servant in the Ministry of Health. l know
this proposal will come to you as a surprise because we have not met
before either physically or through correspondence. I got your contact
from our chamber of commerce here in Nigeria and have no doubt in your
ability to handle this proposal involving huge sum of money.My father
Chief Isama Kolade (Now Late) was the Royal Head of my community, ELEME
(an oil rich town) in Nigeria. My community produces 5.8% of the total
crude oil production in Nigeria and 0.5% of the Dollar value of each!
barrel is paid to my father as royalty by the Federal Government.
My father was also the Chairman of ISAMA Special Oil Trust Fund. In his
position as the Royal head and Chairman of the Oil Trust Fund, he made
some money which he left for me as the only heir to inherit.The money
is Eighteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars(US$18.5). This
Money originated from the accumulated royalties between 1976-1998
Due to poor banking system in Nigeria and political instability as a
result of past Military rules (1985-1999) ,he deposited this Money in a
Strong Room"VAULTS" with an open beneficiary in a security company
pending when he would finish arrangement to transfer it abroad.He was
planning this when he died late last year of Heart Attack.
Just before my father died he called my attention to the money and
charged me to look for a foreigner who would assist me in the
transfer/investment of the funds abroad. So l would be very grateful
if you could accept to help me achieve this great objective.I promise to
give you 15% of the total funds transferred to your vital Bank account
as compensation for your assistance. Five percent (5%)has been set
aside to take care of all expenses we may incure during the
transaction.
To indicate your interest,contact me urgently and confidentially for
more information and the roles you will play in this business. All the
legal Documents concerning this Money will be sent to you as soon as we
agreed ether.Please I will appreciate that you send your telephone/fax
numbers to enable me contact you immediately for discussions.
May the almighty God bless you.
Yours faithfully,
Mr.Chris Kolade.
Please reply me through this my alternative email address:
chriskolade@88.am
Telephone: 234-802-5072565.




</p>

</body></html>