<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT MAIL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ALAN RODRIGUEZ&quot; &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ALAN RODRIGUEZ &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/ " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="alanrodriguez100@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-02T10:20:19Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@S&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT MAIL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060402001104.72EDFC06B@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ALAN RODRIGUEZ&quot; &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ALAN RODRIGUEZ &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ALAN RODRIGUEZ&quot; &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ALAN RODRIGUEZ &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-02T10:20:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-02T10:20:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Apr  1 19:23:33 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060402001104.72EDFC06B@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ALAN RODRIGUEZ" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ALAN RODRIGUEZ&quot; &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ALAN RODRIGUEZ &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2396" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ALAN RODRIGUEZ &lt;alanrodriguez100@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060402001104.72EDFC06B@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT MAIL</title>
</head>
<body><p>URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL 


Goodday 
Sir/Madam

I am a member of Independent Committee of Eminent Persons (ICEP), Switzerland. ICEP is charged with the responsibility of finding bank 
accounts in Switzerland belonging to non-Swiss indigenes, which have remained dormant since World War II. 
It may interest you to know that in July of 1997, the Swiss Banker's 
Association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by non-Swiss citizens. 
These accounts had been dormant since the end of World War II (May 9, 1945). 
Most belonged to Holocaust victims. The continuing efforts of the Independent Committee of Eminent Persons (ICEP) have since resulted in 
the discovery of additional dormant accounts - 54,000 in December, 
1999. 
The published lists contain all types of dormant accounts, including interest-bearing savings accounts, securities accounts, safe 
deposit boxes, custody accounts, and non-interest-bearing transaction accounts. Numbered accounts are also included. Interest is paid on 
accounts that were interest bearing when established. The Claims Resolution Tribunal (CRT) handles processing of all claims on accounts 
due non-Swiss citizens. A dormant account of ORDNER ADELE with a credit balance of 20,000,000 US dollar plus accumulated interest was 
discovered by me. The beneficiary was murdered during the holocaust era, leaving no WILL and no possible records for trace of heirs. 
The Claims Resolution Tribunal has been mandated to report all unclaimed funds for permanent closure of accounts and transfer of existing credit 
balance into the treasury of Switzerland government as provided by the law for management of assets of deceased beneficiaries who died 
interstate (living no wills). 
Being a top executive at ICEP, I have all secret details and necessary contacts for claim of the funds 
without any hitch.we can share the funds and use in investment of our 
choice. 
Due to the sensitive nature of my job, I need a foreigner to HELP claim the funds. All that is required is for you to provide me 
with your details for processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim documents for transfer of the funds to you. 
Kindly provide me with your full name, address,date of birth and telephone/fax. We will pay all required fees to ensure that the fund is 
transferred to a secure, numbered account in your name in Spain, of which you will be capable of accessing the funds gradually and 
transferring to your country and other banks of choice in the world. My share will be 60 percent and your share is 40 per cent of the total 
amount. 

You can find additional information about unclaimed funds through the internet at the following websites: 
www.swissbankclaims.com 
http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/ 
www.avotaynu.com 
www.icheic.org 
www.livingheirs.com 
www.wiesenthal.com 
I find myself priviledged to have this information and this may be a great opportunity for a life time of success without risks. 
Thank you for your prompt response. 
You can write me in German if you wish


Your´s 
Sincerely 

Alan Rodriguez
Please reply me under the following 
e- mail address alanrodriguez90@aim.com
PS, please delete this letter if you are not interested


</p>

</body></html>