<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 13.7  Required: 6" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.31 (www . roaringpenguin . com / mimedefang)" />
<meta name="subject" content="***SPAM*** Assalamalekum! Please read and reply soon " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Muhammad Khalil Hasan&quot; &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Muhammad Khalil Hasan &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="DATE_IN_PAST_96_XX,DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,MSGID_HAS_NO_AT,NIGERIAN_BODY,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2000-03-29T02:33:30Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 13.7  Required: 6" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.31 (www . roaringpenguin . com / mimedefang)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="khalil2000@gosympatico.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="DATE_IN_PAST_96_XX,DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,MSGID_HAS_NO_AT,NIGERIAN_BODY,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="khalil2000@gosympatico.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="***SPAM*** Assalamalekum! Please read and reply soon " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305271735.h4RHZOvE005547@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Muhammad Khalil Hasan&quot; &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Muhammad Khalil Hasan &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Muhammad Khalil Hasan&quot; &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Muhammad Khalil Hasan &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2000-03-29T02:33:30Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2000-03-29T02:33:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 27 13:36:12 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305271735.h4RHZOvE005547@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Muhammad Khalil Hasan" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Muhammad Khalil Hasan&quot; &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Muhammad Khalil Hasan &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-239" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Muhammad Khalil Hasan &lt;khalil_muhammad@myownemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305271735.h4RHZOvE005547@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>***SPAM*** Assalamalekum! Please read and reply soon </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear sir/madam,

Assalamalekum

Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that
this letter is not a hoax mail and I urge you to treat
it serious. I am Dr. Muhammad Khalil Hasan, a banker
with the Mashreq Bank Plc Dubai, UAE.  I am the
Accounts officer late Mr. Robert Chapman the African
Area Director of SIL International, who unfortunately
died in the crash of Kenya Airways Flight 431 in
Abidjan, Ivory Coast, January 30 2000. You will read
more stories about the crash on visiting this website,
news.airwise.com/airlines/archive/2000/kenya2000.html
and also in this website, where Chapman's company
talked about his death in the Kenya crash.  You shall
as well find the pictures of Chapman and his wife
there.  Mr. Chapman was from Hamilton, Ontario Canada.

Since the death of Chapman, I as his accounts officer
in the bank, have made several enquiries to locate his
only surviving relation, without any success. I came
across your name and contact, on the course of my
personal searching for Chapman's relations, so I
decided to contact you for this project.

I am contacting you to assist in repatriating and
securing the wealth left behind in a fixed deposit
account by Robert, before they get confiscated or
declared unserviceable by my bank. The board of my
bank, has issued a notice that after 2 months from now
and no next of kin shown up for the claim, the funds
will be confiscated and declared unserviceable. Since
I and my team have been unsuccessful in locating
Robert's relatives for sometime now, I seek your
consent to present you as the Next of Kin of the
deceased since you are a foreigner, so that the
proceed of this deposit valued at $USD7.5 Million
Dollars can be released to you.

The bank will release the funds to any foreigner who
has all related information/documents to the bank
account. I am in charge of this matter in my bank,
because I am his accounts officer. Your application
will be directed to my department for verification and
approval. Everything is under my control.

I shall provide you all the information and copy of
the certificate of deposit issued to Robert when he
deposited the funds. I shall also involve a good
attorney who shall represent you in all the
appropriate offices for the claim. Please, find in the
attachment my work ID Card. This is just to proof to
you that my proposal is genuine. I also have all
necessary information we need for the claim and once
the money is transferred to you, I shall destroy all
the documents used for the claim and leave no traces.
After everything, you shall have 40% of the total
sum,while 60% for me.


All requires is your honest cooperation to enable us
see this business successful. I guarantee that this
will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that
will protect you from any breach of the law. Robert
was a very good man and it is not wise to allow his
hard earned wealth to be stolen by the greedy
directors of my bank.

Further details awaits your response by email. PLEASE,
TREAT THIS PROPOSAL AS TOP SECRET. Please, confirm the
receipt of my Id Card in the attachment, as it was
difficult to attach.

Best Regards

Muhammad Khalil Hasan.
Mashreq Bank Dubai.






</p>

</body></html>