<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-RocketDSI" content="i=209.191.125.27;s=w" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-05T02:47:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="frankholding_7@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="james221_2006@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1195824557-1144205234=:73062" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060405024714.73478.qmail@web38311.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="james221_2006@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-rocketdsi" content="i=209.191.125.27;s=w" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:X-RocketDSI:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=xK1FvhY8+pb42TdpC1evANyjYUJk2+jv/cbF+JTNtYr4+fxni2xU58MENmWCEVPFsvZCnCLkVildu0J5bW7KnrufngeN5S525LF7y2KXoa70JmcAgjk6d8QPEVV/0lSbn8H1SYiO3sZSjE9MXfSzn9XDNUJF2uvdOXY5QGm8N8A=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060405024714.73478.qmail@web38311.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-05T02:47:14Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=xK1FvhY8+pb42TdpC1evANyjYUJk2+jv/cbF+JTNtYr4+fxni2xU58MENmWCEVPFsvZCnCLkVildu0J5bW7KnrufngeN5S525LF7y2KXoa70JmcAgjk6d8QPEVV/0lSbn8H1SYiO3sZSjE9MXfSzn9XDNUJF2uvdOXY5QGm8N8A=  ;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-05T02:47:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr  4 23:47:38 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt; h=Message-ID:X-RocketDSI:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="frankholding_7 holding" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1195824557-1144205234=" content="73062" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1195824557-1144205234=" content="73062" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1195824557-1144205234=" content="73062--" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2401" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="frankholding_7 holding &lt;frankholding_7@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060405024714.73478.qmail@web38311.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>URGENT REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><table><tr>		<td>I have a new email address!</td></tr>

</table>

You can now email me at: frankholding_7@yahoo.ca

FROM MR JAMES  

DIRECTOR OF FINANCE

AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT,

BANK OF AFRICA,

COTONOU-BENIN REPBLIC.


THIS IS MY PRIVATE  E-MAIL BOX:james221_2006@yahoo.com 

My name is Mr.JAMES BROWN. I am the credit AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING 

UNIT,BANK OF AFRICA,COTONOU-BENIN REPBLIC. I am contacting you of a 

business 

transfer, of a huge sum of money from a deceased account. Though I know 

that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and 

worried, but I am assuring you that everything has been taken care off, 

and all will be well at the end of the day. I decided to contact you 

due to the urgency of this transaction. 

PROPOSITION; I am the account officer of a foreigner named Gerald Welsh 

who died in an air crash along with his wife on the 31st October 1999 

in an Egyptian airline 990 with other passengers on board. You can 

confirm this from the website below which was published by BBC WORLD 

NEWS. 

WEBSITE. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/502503.stm Since his 

death, none of his next-of-kin are alive to make claims for this money 

as his heir, because they all died in the same accident himself and his 

wife(May their soul rest in peace). We cannot release the fund from his 

account unless someone applies for claim as the next-of-kin to the 

deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines. 

Upon this discovery, I now seek your permission to have you stan
d as a 

next of kin to the deceased, as all documentations will be carefully 

worked out by me for the funds (USD 10,700,000.00) to be released in 

your 

favor as the beneficiary's next of kin. Because after four years the 

money will be called back to the bank treasury as unclaimed bills and 

the 

money shared amongst the directors of the bank. so it is on this note i 

decided to seek for whom his name shall be used as the next of 

kin/beneficiary to this funds rather than allow the bank directors to 

share 

this money amongst themselves at the end of the year. 

It may interest you to know that we have secured from the probate an 

order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries. Please 

acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual 

business 

endeavor by furnishing me with the following information if you are 

interested. 

1.A Beneficiary name. In order for me to prepare the document for 

transfer of the funds in your name. 2. Direct Telephone and fax 

numbers. For 

our personal contact and mutual trust in each other. 

I shall be compensating you with [3million Million Dollars) 

on final conclusion of this project for your assistance, while the 

balance of 5 Million Dollars shall be for me for investment purposes. 

Because I intend to retire after the conclusion of this transaction. 

If this proposal is acceptable by you, please endeavor to contact me 

immediately. Do not take undue advantage of the trust I have bestowed 

in 

you, I await your urgent reply. to this address: james221_2006@yahoo.com 

Regards, 

JAMES   

- frankholding_7 holding

</body></html>