<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="emme_02harry@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-site;http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html )" />
<meta name="subject" content="This letter must come to you as a big surprise." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Emme Harry&quot; &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Emme Harry &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="emme_02harry@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-07T15:13:05Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="emmeharry1@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="emmeharry1@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="This letter must come to you as a big surprise." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="07 Apr 2006 15:13:09.0471 (UTC) FILETIME=[C7A30EF0:01C65A55]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[emme_02harry@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Emme Harry&quot; &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Emme Harry &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Emme Harry&quot; &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Emme Harry &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-07T15:13:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-07T15:13:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="07 Apr 2006 15:13:09.0471 (UTC) FILETIME=[C7A30EF0:01C65A55]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="emme_02harry@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Apr  7 11:13:46 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[emme_02harry@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Emme Harry" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Emme Harry&quot; &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Emme Harry &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-#note" content="These are required of you." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2412" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Emme Harry &lt;emme_02harry@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>This letter must come to you as a big surprise.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Greetings to you,

This letter must come to you as a big surprise, but I believe it is only a 
day that people meet and become great friends and business partners. My name 
is Mr.Emme Harry. the present branch Manager of a bank here in Benin 
Republic West Africa. I write you this proposal in good faith, believing 
that I can trust you with the information I am about to reveal to you. Like 
I said, I have a transaction that will benefit both of us, as your 
assistance is required as a foreigner.

I use to head the Accounts department in my bank head office, but last 
December I was asked to take osition of a Manager of our branch in Cotonou 
who passed on, so that was how I became the present Manager and discovered a 
fortune. As I resumed duty, I discovered an account with total sum of $18.1 
million that has not been operated on for the past 3 years. From my 
investigation, I found out that this account belongs to one Late Mr.  HAJI 
EL JAMAL ZOUE, a citizen of Lebanon who died on the recent plane crash in 
Cotonou Benin republic on the 26th of Dec. 2003 You can seach the Webside.

site;http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html )

I have kept a close monitoring of the account since then and nobody has come 
forward to claim the money as next of kin to the Late Mr  HAJI EL JAMAL 
ZOUE, meaning that no one is aware of the account.

I cannot directly take out this money without the help of a foreigner and 
that is why I am contacting you for an assistance to claim the funds and 
share it with me. As the Manager of my bank branch, I have the power 
influence the release of the funds to any foreigner that comes up as the 
next of kin to the account, with the correct information concerning the 
account, which I shall give you. I am seeking your co-operation to present 
you as the next of kin to the account. There is practically no risk 
involved, the transaction will be executed undera legitimate arrangement 
that will protect you from any breach of law.

If you accept to work with me, I want you to state how you wish us to share 
the funds in percentage, so that both parties will be satisfied. Contact me 
as soon as you receive this message if you feel we can work together, so as 
to give you more details. Thanking you in advance and may God bless you. 
Please, treat with utmost confidentiality. I wait your urgent response.
Meanwhile, I will like to speak with you on phone for more information.  
Please you are to keep this transaction a top secret in view of my sensitive 
position at the bank.

#NOTE: These are required of you.
(1) Your full Name.
(2) Your personal phone number.
(3) Your Address

Thanks and have a nice day.

Best regards,
Mr Emme Harry.

_________________________________________________________________
FREE pop-up blocking with the new MSN Toolbar - get it now! 
http://toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>