<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="195.166.237.40 " />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM :DR. KOLA DEVIS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-07T15:14:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="koladevis9@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="koladevis3@myway.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="koladevis3@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM :DR. KOLA DEVIS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit " />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-07T15:14:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-07T15:14:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="SIR" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Apr  7 11:29:20 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr kola devis" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="195.166.237.40" />
<meta name="MboxParser-d" content="MARRIED OR NOT.AND YOUR AGE." />
<meta name="MboxParser-b" content="COMAPNY NAME,ADDRESS AND YOUR POSITION" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2413" />
<meta name="MboxParser-c" content="BANK " />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr kola devis &lt;koladevis9@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-a" content="YOUR FULL COMPLETE NAME,ADDRESS AND " />
<title>FROM :DR. KOLA DEVIS</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM :DR. KOLA DEVIS

ATTN: SIR
 
IT IS MY PLEASURE WRITING YOU THIS 
MAIL.AND I HOPE THAT YOU ARE SOMEBODY I WILL TRUST FOR THIS TRANSACTION 
HENCE IT IS CONFIDENTIAL.
 
AS A MATTER OF FACT,I AM CIVIL SERVANT 
WORKING WITH THE NIGERIA NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION (NNPC)ALSO,I AM 
THE CHAIRMAN (CONTRACT PAYMENT RELEASE REVIEW COMMITTE)DUE TO THE 
MANIPULATIONS OF CONTRACT AWARD IN THE CORPORATIONS TEN YEARS AGO TILL 
DATE BY THE PAST AND PRESENT MILITARY AND CIVILIAN GOVERNEMNT OFFICIALS.
THIS COMMITTE IS LEGALLY MANDATED BY THE THREE ORGAN OF THE GOVERNMENT 
TO REVIEW ALL THE CONTRACT AWARDED FOR IMMEDIATE PAYMENT.
 
DURING THIS 
EXCERISE,THIS COMMITTE DISCOVERED THAT ALOT CONTRACT PAYMENT WAS 
MANIPULATED BY SOME GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL FOR THEIR SELFISH INSTREST 
INCOLLABORATION WITH FOREIGN EXPERTATES.AFTER SAID AND DONE,THIS 
COMMITTE HAVE TRIED TO CONTACT SOME OF THEM TO COME FORWARD FOR THE 
CLAIM.BUT,DUE TO THE FACT THAT THEY DID NOT GO THROUGH THE(DUE PROCESS)
THEY COULD NOT COME FORWARD FOR THE CLAIM.
 
AS AT THIS MOMENT,WE ARE 
IN POCESSION OF SOME UNCLAIMED CONTRACT PAYMENT VALUED AT $650M (SIX 
HUNDRED AND FIFTY MILLION UNITED STATES ONLY) AS UN CLAIMED CONTRACT 
PAYMENT.AND AS SUCH,THE TOTAL PAYMENT ARE MEANT TO BE RETURNED BACK TO 
THE GOOVERNMENT TREASURY.AFTER A CLOSE DOOR MEETING WITH THE REST OF 
THE BOARD,WE HAVE DECEIDED TO TO DECLARE PART OF THIS PAYMENT TO THE 
GOVERNMENT.AND WHILE WE WILL SEEK YOUR URGENT ASSISTANT FOR THE CLAIM 
OF PART OF IT.
 
IT IS NOW LEFT FOR YOU TO LET ME KNOW EXCATLY HOW MUCH 
YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN BE CAPBLE TO RECEIVE FOR US WITHOUT ANY PROBLEM.
SO THAT WE WILL KNOW EXACTLY HOW MUCH TO BE DECLARE TO THE GIVERNMENT.
PLEASE BEAR INMIND THAT OUR AIM OF STRICKING THIS DEAL WITH YOU IS FOR 
OUR POLITICAL AMBITION.WE REALLY WANT TO USE THE FUNDS FOR POLITICS.
BECUASE,IN AFRICA,POLITICS WITHOUT MONEY IS BASELESS.
 
IF THIS IS A 
MATTER OF INSTREST TO YOU,KINDLY KEEP IN CONTACT WITH ME IMMEDAITELLY 
YOU RECEIVE THIS MAIL FOR MORE INFORMATIONS.ALTHOUGH,YOU WILL BE 
COMPENSATED WITH 30% FOR YOUR ASSISTANT.AND THE FOLLOWING INFORMATIONS 
WILL BE REQUIRED FROM YOU.
 
A:YOUR FULL COMPLETE NAME,ADDRESS AND 
DIRECT PHONE NUMBER.
B:COMAPNY NAME,ADDRESS AND YOUR POSITION
C:BANK 
NAME,ADDRESS AND ACCOUNT DETAILS
D:MARRIED OR NOT.AND YOUR AGE.
 
WITH 
THESE INFORMATIONS,THIS COMMITTE WILL NOW APPLY FOR  AN URGENT PAYMENT 
IN YOUR FAVOUR AS ONE OF THE BENEFICIARY/CONTRACTOR THAT EXECUTED 
CONTRACT WITH THE (NNPPC)NIGERIA NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION.KINDLY 
BEAR INMIND THAT THIS DEAL REQUIRES ABSOLUTE SECRECY/CONFIDENTIAL WHICH 
MUST NOT BE REVEAL OUT TO ANY ONE UNTIL YOU RECEIVE THE PAYMENT FOR US.
 
WAITING TO HEAR FROM YOU URGENTLY FOR OUR TIME IS LIMITTED TO THIS 
DEAL.BECAUSE THE FEDERAL GOVERNEMT IS WAITING FOR OUR REPORT.
 
BEST 
REGARDS
 
DR, KOLA DEVIS


</p>

</body></html>