<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="willmuye21@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="urgent plea for assistance" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;muye will&quot; &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="muye will &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.co.za/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="willmuye21@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-11T08:18:09Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="willico1@gmail.com  ." />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="willico1@gmail.com  ." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="willico1@gmail.com  ." />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent plea for assistance" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="11 Apr 2006 08:18:11.0046 (UTC) FILETIME=[78ABE860:01C65D40]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[willmuye21@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;muye will&quot; &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="muye will &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;muye will&quot; &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="muye will &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-11T08:18:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-11T08:18:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir," />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="11 Apr 2006 08:18:11.0046 (UTC) FILETIME=[78ABE860:01C65D40]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="willmuye21@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 11 04:18:14 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[willmuye21@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="muye will" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;muye will&quot; &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="muye will &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2421" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="muye will &lt;willmuye21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>urgent plea for assistance</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF CHAIRMAN
Sub-Committee on Finance
South African World Cup bid 2010
24 Steven Bikko Blvrd Pretoria,
Republic Of South Africa.
Email:willico1@gmail.com  .
Tel : +27-73-485-8223 .
Attn: Sir,

Greetings you must be aware now that my country The Republic of South Africa 
won
the bid to host the world cup by 2010, prior to this bid my committee was
mandated to lobby the members of board of Federation International Football
Association (FIFA) on selection of the country to host the world, the 
bidding
was intensive but at the end we got the hosting right. My committee was 
given
the sum of $29 million dollars to lobby the members of the FIFA ruling body 
to
make sure that we win the hosting right considering the gain that comes with 
the
hosting right like South Africa's economy will receive a massive direct 
boost
from hosting the 2010 World Cup, financial impact report for South Africa's
World Cup bid committee shows that the 2010 World Cup will pump 
R21.3-billion
into South Africa's economy, and creating an estimated 159 000 new jobs.
With the help the living legend of our time 85-year-old Nobel  Peace Prize
winner Dr. Nelson Mandela who made an emotive case for The  Republic of 
South
Africa, we got the bid without spending all the money, I and my committee
members saw this as a God sent opportunity tosecure our future and that of 
our
family therefore was mandated by  other committee members to look for a way 
to
move the remaining money  to a safe place with the  help of a foreigner who 
we
can trust and is  ready to assist us to move the funds considering the fact 
that
we are  still members of the bid committee and in the eyes of the public. we
have in our possession the sum $21millon since we spent just $8million  for
lobbying. We are ready to give you 20% for all your assistance then me and 
my
colleagues will keep 80% lf you are willing kindly reply  to my letter for
further directive. we will want to invest our share  intoReal-estate and air
taxi business in your country with your  assistance,bearing in mind that
confidentiality is of great essences  so is time in this project I will 
await
your response, Best Regards .


Mr.Williams Muyeke
All responses should be sent
to:willico1@gmail.com  .

_________________________________________________________________
See their smiles, hear their laughter with MSN Messenger! 
http://messenger.msn.co.za/



</p>

</body></html>