<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="urgent and confidential" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="234-8034540228" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-28T03:41:09Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aminat_usman@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aminat_usman@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="aminat_usman@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="ami44000@netzero.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent and confidential" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030527.234127.16521.72662@webmail10.nyc.untd.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e.mail" content="ami44000@netzero.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-28T03:41:09Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-28T03:41:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ami44000@netzero.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="WebMail Version 1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 27 23:42:00 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ami44000@netzero.com&gt; very" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20030527.234127.16521.72662@webmail10.nyc.untd.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-From" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="WebMail Version 1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-from" content="ami44000@netzero.com " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-243" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ami44000@netzero.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030527.234127.16521.72662@webmail10.nyc.untd.com&gt;" />
<title>urgent and confidential</title>
</head>
<body><p>
SWEETIE AMINAT USMAN
E.MAIL:ami44000@netzero.net
TEL:234-8034540228
Dear Sir,/Madam
I am LADY SWEETIE AMINA USMAN, Bank Manager of Zenith
International Bank of Nigeria,Adeola Odeku Branch,Lagos . I have urgent and
 very
confidential business proposition for you. On June 6, 1999, an American Oil 
consultant/contractor
with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr. Barry Kelly made a
numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at
US$35,000,000.00 (Thirty- five Million Dollars) in my branch. Upon
maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got
no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered
from his contract employers, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
that Mr. Barry Kelly died from an automobile accident. On further
investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all
attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.
I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any kin or relations in all his
official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This
sum of US$35,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will
ever come forward to claim it. According to Nigerian Law, at the
expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the
Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foriegner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Barry Kelly so that the
fruits of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some
corrupt government officials.
This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately
your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the
necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the next
of kin. We shall employ the service of an Attorney for
drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and
letter of probate/administration in your favor for the transfer.
We would need you as a Foreigner acting as the next of
kin and sole benefactor to the inheritance of Mr. Barry Kelly to travel and
claim this money in a SECURITY COMPANY based in Europe or sub-regional
African country which is used by my bank as an offshore clearing house
to the bank.The money will be paid to you for us to share in the ratio
of 60% for me and 40% for you.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the Attorney and my position as the Branch
Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via
the private email address below. Upon your response,I shall then provide
you with more details and relevant documents that will help you
understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest
assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I
shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Please
furnish me with your telephone and fax numbers for easier and faster
communication. Awaiting your urgent reply via my 
email:ami44000@netzero.net
Thanks and regards,
SWEETIE AMINA USMAN

 

 

________________________________________________________________
The best thing to hit the internet in years - NetZero HiSpeed!
Surf the web up to FIVE TIMES FASTER!
Only $14.95/ month -visit www.netzero.com to sign up today!

</p>

</body></html>