<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE REPLY BACK" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;princessmemuna iboudo&quot; &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="princessmemuna iboudo &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-20T10:33:55Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE REPLY BACK" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="20 Apr 2006 10:33:57.0966 (UTC) FILETIME=[EE54FEE0:01C66465]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;princessmemuna iboudo&quot; &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="princessmemuna iboudo &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;princessmemuna iboudo&quot; &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="princessmemuna iboudo &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-20T10:33:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-20T10:33:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="20 Apr 2006 10:33:57.0966 (UTC) FILETIME=[EE54FEE0:01C66465]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Apr 20 06:34:14 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="princessmemuna iboudo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;princessmemuna iboudo&quot; &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="princessmemuna iboudo &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2445" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="princessmemuna iboudo &lt;princessmemuna_iboudo80@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE REPLY BACK</title>
</head>
<body><p>HELLO FRIEND,
Good day and Compliments, I am writing this letter in confidence believing 
that if it is the wish of God for you to help me and my family, God Almighty 
will bless and reward you abundantly and you
would never regret this.
My family and I are true Christians and worship God truthfully. I got your 
contact during my search for this assistance. I am a female student from 
University Burkina Faso, Ouaga. I am 22 yrs old. I'd like any person who can 
be caring, loving and home oriented. I will love to havea long-term 
relationship with you and to know more about you.
I would like to build up a solid foundation with you in time coming if you 
can be able to help me in this transaction. Well, my father died earlier 
three months ago and left I and my junior brother behind. Hewas a king, 
which our town citizens titled him over sixteen years before
his death.
I was a princess to him and I am the only person who can take care of his 
wealth now because my junior brother is still young and my mother is not 
literate enough to know my entire father's wealth.He left the sum of USD 
7.350, 000M (Seven Million, Three Hundred and Fifty
Thousand US Dollars) in a security company.
This money was annually paid into my late fathers account from Shell 
petroleum Development Company (spdc) and chevron Oil Company operating in 
our locality for the compensation of youth and community development in our 
jurisdiction.
I don't know how and what I will do to invest this money somewhere in 
abroad, so that my father's kindred will not take over what belongs to my 
father and our family, which they were planning to do without my 
consentbecause I am a female as stated by our culture in the town.
Now, I urgently need your humble assistance to move this money from the  
Security Company to your bank account that is why I felt happy when I saw 
your contact because I strongly believe that by the grace of God,you will 
help me invest this money wisely.
I am ready to pay 30% of the total amount to you if you help us in this 
transaction and another 10% interest of Annual after Income to you, for 
handling this transaction for us, which you will strongly have absolute 
control over it.
If you can handle this project sincerely and also willing to assist me in 
lifting this fund, kindly reach me. Please, note that this transaction is 
100% risk free and I hope to commence the transaction as quick as possible, 
I will send you my picture as soon as I hear from you for recognition.
Yours sincerely,
Princess memuna iboudo.
please reply me at my private email address: 
princessmemuna_iboudo@hotmail.com

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger: appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>