<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="193.220.212.253" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr Mbizala Paul&quot; &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr Mbizala Paul &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drmbiprivate@walla.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-21T16:12:58Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Country" content="CA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-https" content="//members.canada.com/benefits.aspx for more" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;4449048a.d0.3013.22230@canada.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;4449048a.d0.3013.22230@canada.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr Mbizala Paul&quot; &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr Mbizala Paul &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr Mbizala Paul&quot; &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr Mbizala Paul &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-21T16:12:58Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-country" content="CA" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-21T16:12:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drmbi8@canada.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1n, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="(HANDLE THIS INFORMATION SECRETLY)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Apr 21 12:15:38 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drmbi8@canada.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr Mbizala Paul" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr Mbizala Paul&quot; &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr Mbizala Paul &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="193.220.212.253" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1n, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2454" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr Mbizala Paul &lt;drmbiprivate@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;4449048a.d0.3013.22230@canada.com&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN:(HANDLE THIS INFORMATION SECRETLY)
Dear,
I hereby contact you personally concerning the situation in
my bank. In order to transfer out {us$34,000,000} Thirty
four million us dollars, I have the courage  to look for a
reliable and honest person who will be capable for this
important business believing that you will never let me down
either now or in future.
I am Dr Paul Mbizala K., the Regional computing 
auditor of (STANDARD BANK OF SOUTH AFRICA) JOHANNESBURG 
BRANCH (SBSA). 
There is an account opened in this bank in 1985 and since
1991 nobody has operated on this account again. After going
through some old files in  the records I discovered that if
I do not remit this money out urgently.it will be forfeited
for nothing according to South Africa laws and act  of
1993,the money will be revert this country government
treasury after 15 years if there is no valid claim. 

I need a foreign partner that will present as a relative to
this late man. I concluded to transfer this money overseas
for proper investment that will benefit me.
The owner of this account is Mr.Bremen K.Schroeder, a 
foreigner, and a Miner at Kruger Gold Co. a geologist by
profession and he died since 1991. No other person knows
about this account or any thing concerning it,the account
has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me
as  well that this company does not know anything about this
account and the amount involved is us$34,000,000 Thirty Four
million dollars.
I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money
can not be approved to a local bank here, but can 
only be approved to any foreign account because the money is
in US dollars and the former owner of the account is
Mr.Bremen K.Schroeder, who is a foreigner too. I know that
this message will come to you as a surprise as we dont know
ourselves before, we will sign agreement, but be sure that
it is real and a fund.
I need a truthful person in this business because I don't
want to make mistake and I need your strong assurance and
trust.
At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 50% of
the total amount, 50% will be for me and my family.
I look forward to your earliest reply through my email
address.
God Bless You.
Yours truly,
Dr Mbizala Paul.
STANDARD BANK OF SOUTH AFRICA
(You can as well contact me through my alternative email
address (mbizalapaul@verizonmail.com)



----------------------------------------
Upgrade your account today for increased storage; mail
forwarding or POP enabled e-mail with automatic virus
scanning. Visit our member benefits page at
https://members.canada.com/benefits.aspx for more
information.


</p>

</body></html>