<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[213.136.117.81]" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dearest in the Lord, " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-22T04:47:14Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=koi8-r" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="relation" content="&lt;E1FM1co-0000Zx-00.elizabeth_lamine-mail-ru@f49.mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dearest in the Lord, " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content="&lt;E1FM1co-0000Zx-00.elizabeth_lamine-mail-ru@f49.mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	Sat, 22 Apr 2006 08:47:14 +0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1FXA1a-000Ncw-00.elizabeth_lamine-mail-ru@f61.mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=koi8-r" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-22T04:47:14Z" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="&lt;E1FM1co-0000Zx-00.elizabeth_lamine-mail-ru@f49.mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=koi8-r" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-22T04:47:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="mPOP Web-Mail 2.19" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Apr 22 00:47:47 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt; Sat, 22 Apr 2006 08:47:14 +0400 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1FXA1a-000Ncw-00.elizabeth_lamine-mail-ru@f61.mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[213.136.117.81]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="mPOP Web-Mail 2.19" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2457" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ELIZABETH LAMINE &lt;elizabeth_lamine@mail.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1FXA1a-000Ncw-00.elizabeth_lamine-mail-ru@f61.mail.ru&gt;" />
<title>Dearest in the Lord, </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearest in the Lord, 

Greetings to you and your family, I am Mrs ELIZABETH 
LAMINE  from liberia. I am married to Mr. Mike LAMINE who worked with liberia embassy in Ivory Coast for nine years before he died in the year 2004.He is also a well known fruits import and Export business man in Ivory Coast. We were married for eleven years without a child.
 
He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his death I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bible is against. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $5.6Million US dollars with a bank in Ivory Coast Presently, this money is still in the custody of the bank. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to cancer problem. 

Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to a church or better to an individual personality that have a humanity understanding and trustworthy that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein. I want a church or an individual personality that  is trustworthy  to use this money for orphanages, widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavour that the house of God is maintained.
 
The Bible made us to understand that "Blessed is the hand that giveth". I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not Christians and I don't want my husband's efforts to be used by unbelievers. I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord.Exodus 14 VS 14 says that "the Lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace". I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. 

I don't want them to know about this development as I am convinced that With God by my said, all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the bank in Ivory Coast, I will also send a copy of my passport to you and my photo and also issue you an authority letter that will empower you to be the beneficiary of the money. I want you and your church to always pray for me because the Lord is my shepherd and he shall see us through, My happiness is that I live a life of a worthy Christian so I have no fear at all for I am convinced that God is with me and he shall be with you if you make yourself available to take up this spiritual project of God. 

I believe that whoever that wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and Truth thus I took this decision. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Contact me on this email  via elizabeth_lamine2004@yahoo.co.uk always and please be informed that any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I Stated herein. 

Hoping to receive your reply. 
Remain blessed in the Lord. 
Yours in Christ, 
MRS LIZABETH LAMINE 


</p>

</body></html>