<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1054543804.891041.92714.zmail@web2.zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[213.136.110.15] " />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-02T08:50:04Z" />
<meta name="subject" content="ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.zwallet.com/index.html?user=kampala09" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-02T08:50:04Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-02T08:50:04Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kampala09@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kampala09@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="kampala09@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="kampala09@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kampala09@zwallet.com&gt;	by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h52DgVC05947	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 2 Jun 2003 09:42:31 -0400 (EDT)	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Mon, 2 Jun 2003 09:42:03 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun  2 09:42:58 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kampala09@zwallet.com&gt; by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h52DgVC05947 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 2 Jun 2003 09:42:31 -0400 (EDT) for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Mon, 2 Jun 2003 09:42:03 -0400 (EDT) " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;1054543804.891041.92714.zmail@web2.zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[213.136.110.15]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-247" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1054543804.891041.92714.zmail@web2.zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<title>ASSISTANCE </title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From : L.T. J.N. KAMPALA
08 BP 313 Abidjan 08
E-mail: kampala09@zwallet.com
TEL 00225 07 59 70 57

ATTN SIR:

I got your contact from the International Economic /
Business Directory in Cote d'Ivoire. I consider your
company extremely capable in handling this mutual
business transaction I wish to undertake with you. As
a result of my zeal towards foreign investment and
also security for my life and possession, I therefore
wish to give an insight of my purpose of contacting
you.

I was the personal confidant to the ousted military
head of state of Sierra Leone (MAJOR JOHNNY KOROMAH).
However, when the ECOMOG peace keeping force struck,
his excellence was forced to run into Liberia on exile
while some of his aides left for some other
neighbouring countries.

While these events took place, I decided to move to
Côte d?Ivoire with my family and a total sum of 
thirty million US dollars (US$30,000,000) which was
the part of cash under my control within the
presidential mansion when I was in change of
securities. On getting to Abidjan, I immediately
deposited the fund in a bank in Abidjan the economic capital of Cote
D'Ivoire.

Consequently, I sincerely implore you as a partner to
arrange an avenue which this money could be
transferred to you for investment purposes and in
order to actualise this investment proposal. You are
implored to assist in the following.

1)You are required to provide a safe foreign bank
accounts into which the money could be transferred.
2)You shall serve as a general overseer and guardian
of this fund and all the investments thereafter.
3)And you shall benefit 20% of the total sum for your
efforts and absolute assistance in ensuring that this
fund is successfully transferred into your accounts
and as well as 5% of every monthly profit out of all
investments.

Having stated the above clearly, I expect your soonest
response through this mail number kampala09@zwallet.com
Please also endeavour to treat this business
transaction as highly confidential.

Yours truly,

L.T. J.N. KAMPALA




 
 


______________________________________________________
Get Paid... With Your Free Email at
http://www.zwallet.com/index.html?user=kampala09

</p>

</body></html>