<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ATTENTION." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Clive Osborne&quot; &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Clive Osborne &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-04-30T12:16:41Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrosborne75@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;mrcliveosborn@netscape.net&quot; &lt;R@M&gt; " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrcliveosborn@netscape.net &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:0.9.4) Gecko/20011019 Netscape6/6.2 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="mrcliveosborn@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;3FAF722A.FE5255D@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ATTENTION." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:0.9.4) Gecko/20011019 Netscape6/6.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;3FAF722A.FE5255D@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Clive Osborne&quot; &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Clive Osborne &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Clive Osborne&quot; &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Clive Osborne &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-04-30T12:16:41Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-04-30T12:16:41Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Apr 29 18:44:38 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Clive Osborne" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Clive Osborne&quot; &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Clive Osborne &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2486" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Clive Osborne &lt;mrosborne75@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;3FAF722A.FE5255D@netscape.net&gt; " />
<title>URGENT ATTENTION.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,
 
I am Mr. Clive Osborne, the first son of John Osborne, the popular black
farmer in Macheke district of Zimbabwe who narrowly escape during killing of
Mr David Stevens the father of two-year-old twins - was shot dead at point
blank range in the land dispute in my country. 
 
My father Mr. Osborne, who rushed was to a hospital in the provincial
centre of Marondera, said he himself was only spared because someone spoke
up for him; he later died after a protracted injuries he sustained as a
result of the mob action. ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/715001.s
tm)
 
Before the death of my father, he had taken me to Holland to deposit the
sum of US 8.4 million {Eight million four hundred thousand United States
dollars}, in one of the private security company, as he foresaw the looming
danger in Zimbabwe.
 
This land problem came when Zimbabwean President Mr. Robert Mugabe
introduce a new land Act Reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and
some few black farmers and this resulted to the killing and mob action by
Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society. In fact a lot of
people were killed because of this land reform Act for which my father was
one of the victims.
 
It is against this background that, I and my family fled Zimbabwe for fear
of our lives and are currently staying in Holland where we are seeking
political asylum and more so have decided to transfer my father's money to a
more reliable foreign account. Since the law of Holland prohibits a refugee
{asylum seeker} to open any bank account or to be involve in any financial
transaction. As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the
responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign partner/account where this money
could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on
taking everything we have acquired.
 
Sir / Madam, If you are willing to undertake this with me I am willing to
give you 25% of the fund for your assistance and I have also mapped out 5%
to cover any expenses incurred from the transaction. Also be aware the
balance amount will be set aside for the investment through you and the
profit from the investment will be share 50% each for you and my family
after expenses.
Please contact me on my e-mail address or my phone number below.
 
Yours sincerely,
Mr. Clive Osborne
+31626662624.
Email:mrcliveosborn@netscape.net
reply to mrcliveosborn@netscape.net



</p>

</body></html>