<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="We seek your assistance." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;SORIE AND SAM.&quot; &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="SORIE AND SAM. &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="soriesa@handbag.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-01T16:26:57Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sorie27@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="106f9d2e-9bc9-4674-aeb9-565034c4ac8f" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sorie27@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="We seek your assistance." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200605011626.k41GQuRi024283@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;SORIE AND SAM.&quot; &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="SORIE AND SAM. &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;SORIE AND SAM.&quot; &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="SORIE AND SAM. &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-01T16:26:57Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-01T16:26:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May  1 12:27:02 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200605011626.k41GQuRi024283@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="SORIE AND SAM." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;SORIE AND SAM.&quot; &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="SORIE AND SAM. &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2492" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="SORIE AND SAM. &lt;soriesa@handbag.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200605011626.k41GQuRi024283@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>We seek your assistance.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear SIR,

I am Miss Sorie DUNCAN and my Brothe Sam DUNCAN, we are the children of late Chief Benjamin DUNCAN from Sierra Leone. I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance to transfer our cash of Four Million Dollars ($4,000.000.00) now in the custody of a private Security trust firm in Europe, the money is in trunk box deposited and declared as family valuables by my late father as a matter of fact the company does not know the content of the box, although my father made them to understand that the box belongs to his foreign partner.

My late father Chief Benjamin DUNCAN , a native of  Mende District in the Northerh province of Sierra Leone, was the General Manager of Sierra Leone Mining co-operation (S.L.M.C.) Freetown. According to my father, this money was the income accrued from Mining Co-operation's over draft and minor sales. Before the peak of the civil war between the rebels forces of (Mr.Foday Saybana Sankoh) and the combined forces of ECOMOG peace keeping operation that almost destroyed my country, following the forceful removal from power of the civilian elected President Ahmed Tejan Kabbah by the rebels. My father had already made arrangement for his family that talking about my mother, my little Brother and myself to be evacuated to Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire with the CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT he made with a security firm in Europe through the aid of U.N evacuation team. During the war in my country, and following the indiscriminate looting of Public and Government properties by the rebel forces, the Sierra Leone mining coop. Was one of the target looted and it was destroyed. My father including other top Government functionaries were attaked and killed by the rebels in November 2000 because of his relationship with the civilian Government of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah.

As a result of my father death, and with the news of my uncle's involvement in the air crash in January it dashed our hope of survival. The untimely deaths caused my mother's heart failure and other related complications of which she later died in the hospital after we must have spent a lot of money on her early this year. Now my 22 years old Brother and myself are alone in this strange country suffering without any care or help. Without any relation, we are now a refugees. Our only hope now is in you and the box deposited in the Security Firm to this effect, I humbly solicit your assistance in the followings ways.

1) To assist us claim this box from the security firm as our beneficiary.
2)To transfer this money (USD$4M) in your name to your country.
3)To make a good arrangement for a joint business investment on our behalf in your country and  you we be our Adviser/ Manager. For your assistance, I have agreed with my younger Brother that 30% of the total amount will be for your effort. I urge you to keep this transaction strictly confidential as no one knows our where about.

Please as you show your willingness, Forward to us your full name, address and Tel/ Fax numbers, to me via our private email address as indicated bellow, this is for security reasons as i will only be accessing my private email earnestly awaiting your response. alternative email address: soriesam@handbag.com or sorie27@myway.com
Thanks.
May God bless you .
Mr.Sorie DUNCAN.</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>