<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR WILLAMS TERRY&quot; &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR WILLAMS TERRY &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="willams22_terry@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-02T12:08:54Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="willam77terry@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="willam77terry@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060502135752.0DCE7C107@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR WILLAMS TERRY&quot; &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR WILLAMS TERRY &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR WILLAMS TERRY&quot; &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR WILLAMS TERRY &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-02T12:08:54Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-02T12:08:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May  2 10:09:17 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt; West Africa" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060502135752.0DCE7C107@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR WILLAMS TERRY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR WILLAMS TERRY&quot; &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR WILLAMS TERRY &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2496" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR WILLAMS TERRY &lt;willams22_terry@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060502135752.0DCE7C107@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR HELP</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mr Willams Terry
Commercial Bank Of senegal
118 Rue Dial Yorff
Dakar Senegal
 West Africa

Dear Friend,
I cant imagine how you will feel receiving a sudden business letter
from a remote country in far away
Africa and probably from someone you are not closely related with. But
all the same, I believe we do not
need to be of blood relatives before we can establish cordial/business
relationship. Having said this,I
think it is very important at this juncture to introduce myself to you.
I am Mr.Wiilams Terry
, Head: Enterprise Wide Risk and member of the
executive and risk committees of
Commecial Bant of Senegal.I got your information while browsing
through internet in search of a
reliable person who will assist me.This is an urgent and very
confidential business proposition.
On June 7, 2000,a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the
Senegal Institute of Mining and
Metallurgy, Mr.Kurt Kahle made a numbered time(Fixed) Deposit for
twelve calendar months, valued at
US$10,500, 000.00,(Ten Million, five hundred thousand Dollars).
Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address
but got no reply. After a month, we
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his Private Business
School. employers, that On the 31st
of July 2000, our client, with his 37-year-old wife and his son
Michael, aged eight died in the Air France
concord plane crash bound for New York in their plan for a world
cruise, with other passengers abroad
as you can confirm it yourself via the website below:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm
On further investigation,I found out that he died without making a
"WILL",and all attempts to trace his
next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and
discovered that Mr.Mr.Kurt Kahle did
not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official
documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork
in my Bank. This sum of US$10,500,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my
bank for safekeeping. No one
will ever come forward to claim it.According to Senegal Law, at
the expiration of 5 (five) years, the
money will revert to the ownership of the Government if nobody applies
to claim the fund.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to
stand as the next of kin to Mr. Kurt Kahle
so that the fruit of this old man's labor will not get into the hands
of some corrupt Government officials.I
am writing you because I as a public servant,i cannot operate a foreign
account. I want to present you
as the owner of the funds so you will be able to claim them with the
help of my attorney.I will like you to
provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney
will prepare the necessary
documents which will put you in place as the beneficiary of the funds.
The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me
and 40% for you. The paperwork
for this transaction will be done by the Attorney If you are
interested, please reply immediately via my
email address and upon your response,I shall then provide you with more
details that will help you
understand the transaction.
Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my
share in real estate within your country.
Due to the nature of confidentiality in this Transaction our
communication can only be via email and fax
mostly.
Awaiting your urgent reply via email. willam77terry@yahoo.co.uk
Thanks and my regards.
Mr.Wiiilams Terry.
PLEASE REPLY TO MY PRIVATE EMAIL:
NOTE: If however, you are not disposed to assist, kindly delete/destroy
this email in view of the
confidentiality of the proposed transaction and interest of
personalities involves.




</p>

</body></html>