<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="IMPORTANT NOTIFICATION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;oluyemi adeniji&quot; &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="oluyemi adeniji &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-03T14:43:53Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="oluyemiadeniji_nig@miniters.zzn.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="oluyemiadeniji_nig@ministers.zzn.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="oluyemiadeniji_nig@miniters.zzn.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="IMPORTANT NOTIFICATION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="03 May 2006 14:43:56.0146 (UTC) FILETIME=[01506520:01C66EC0]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;oluyemi adeniji&quot; &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="oluyemi adeniji &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;oluyemi adeniji&quot; &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="oluyemi adeniji &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-03T14:43:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-03T14:43:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="Dear" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="03 May 2006 14:43:56.0146 (UTC) FILETIME=[01506520:01C66EC0]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May  3 10:44:06 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="oluyemi adeniji" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;oluyemi adeniji&quot; &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="oluyemi adeniji &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2499" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="oluyemi adeniji &lt;ministeroluadeniji@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>IMPORTANT NOTIFICATION</title>
</head>
<body><p>Minister of Foreign Affairs
Federal Ministry of foreign Affairs
Maputo Street
Wuse Zone 3 PMB 130
Garki Abuja
Nigeria
Phone no:{234}803-2944-258
Email:oluyemiadeniji_nig@ministers.zzn.com
Date:03,05,2006

Attention:Dear

I am Hon. Dr. Adeniji Olu, Minister Foreign Affairs Ministry; my
office monitors and controls the affairs of all banks and financial
institutions in Nigeria concerned with foreign contract payments.
I am the final signatory to any transfer or remittance of huge funds
moving within banks both on the local and international levels in line
to foreign contracts settlement.

I have before me list of funds, which could not be transferred to some
nominated accounts as these accounts have been identified either as
ghost accounts, unclaimed deposits and over-invoiced sum etc. I write
to presentyou to the federal government that you are among the people
expecting the funds to be transferred into their account, on this note;
I wish to have a deal with you as regards to the unpaid certified
contract funds.I have every files before me and the data's will be to
change to your name to enable you receive the fund into your nominated
bank account as the beneficiary of the fund's amount $20 Million U.S.D.

As it is my duty to recommend the transfer of these surplus funds to
the Federal Government Treasury and Reserve Accounts as unclaimed
deposits, I have the opportunity to write you based on the instructions
i received 2 days ago from the Senate Committee on Contract Payments
/Foreign Debts to submit the List of payment reports / expenditures and
audited reports of revenues. Among several others,
I have decided to remit this sum following my idea that we have a deal
/agreement and I am going to do this legally.

MY CONDITIONS.

1. You will give me 40% of your contract funds as soon as you confirm
it inoyur designated bank account.

2. This deal must be kept secret forever, and all correspondence will
bestrictly by email / telephone, for security purposes.

3. There should be no third parties as most problem associated with
your fund release are caused by your agents or representative.

If you AGREE with my conditions, l advise you on what to do immediately
and the transfer will commence without delay as I will proceed to fix
your name on the Payment schedule instantly to meet the three days mandate.

I hope you don't reject this offer and have the funds transferred.
Waiting for your reply soon.Please forward all your replies to my
official e mail address;oluyemiadeniji_nig@ministers.zzn.com

HON. DR. ADENIJI OLU
FOREIGN AFFAIRS MINISTER

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>