<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="adama_10@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM THE DESK OF ADAMA IBRAHIM" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Adama Ibrahim&quot; &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Adama Ibrahim &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//go.msn.fr/10-channel/80-security/spam/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="adama_10@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-08T17:04:39Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="adama_010@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="adama_010@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM THE DESK OF ADAMA IBRAHIM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="08 May 2006 17:04:42.0472 (UTC) FILETIME=[7FC83680:01C672C1]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[adama_10@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Adama Ibrahim&quot; &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Adama Ibrahim &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Adama Ibrahim&quot; &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Adama Ibrahim &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-08T17:04:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-08T17:04:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="08 May 2006 17:04:42.0472 (UTC) FILETIME=[7FC83680:01C672C1]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="adama_10@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May  8 13:04:59 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[adama_10@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Adama Ibrahim" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Adama Ibrahim&quot; &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Adama Ibrahim &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2515" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Adama Ibrahim &lt;adama_10@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<title>FROM THE DESK OF ADAMA IBRAHIM</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF ADAMA IBRAHIM
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO
TELEPHONE NUMBER 00226 76 53 26 12

Dear Friend,

I crave your indulgence for the unsolicited nature of this letter, but it 
was borne out of desperation and current development. please bear with me. 
My name is Mr.ADAMA IBRAHIM, an Auditor of African Development Bank I  
discovered existing dormant account for 5 years.

When I discovered that there had been no continuation nor withdrawals from 
this account for this long period and our banking law stipulates that any un 
serviceable account for more than 5 years will go into the bank revenue as 
an unclaimed fund.

I have made personal inquiries about the depositor and his next of kin but 
sadly, the depositor and his next of kin died in motor acident while the 
rest of the family died in Iraq during the crisis,I only made this 
investigation just to be double sure of this fact and since I have been 
unsuccessful in
locating the Relatives.

I seek your consent to Present yourself as the next of kin of the deceased. 
As an auditor in the bank I will use my position in the bank to help you 
becoming the next of kin to the estate, so that the proceeds of this account 
valued at $25.6 million dollars can be transfered to you, this is the story 
in a nutshell.

Now I want an account overseas where the bank will transfer this funds. 
Thereafter, I will come for the sharing and investment, also to use part of 
the money to help the Iraqians, It is a careful network and for the past 
eleven months I have worked out everything to ensure a hitch-free operation.

Now my questions are:-
1. Can you handle this project?
2. Can I give you this trust?

Consider this and get back to me as soon as possible, All what I require is 
your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal through, I guarantee 
that this will be executed under a
legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law, 
please get in touch with me by my e-mail to enable me outline to you the 
strategies on how to go about this, You may also send your phone number so 
that I can call you.

Finally, it is my humble prayer that the information as contained herein be 
accorded the necessary
attention, urgency as well as the secrecy it deserves, also send to me your 
personal information, to enable me send to you official text of application 
..

I Expect your urgent response if you can handle this project. also call me.

Respectfully yours, Reply via :    (  adama_010@yahoo.fr ) Telephone:00226 
7653 2612
ADAMA IBRAHIM

_________________________________________________________________
Tout savoir sur la sécurité de votre PC ! 
http://go.msn.fr/10-channel/80-security/spam/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>