<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="DEAR PARTNER" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Fred Mbonu&quot; &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Fred Mbonu &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mfrred@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-03T20:22:36Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mfred@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mfred@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DEAR PARTNER" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200306031221.h53CLpkM017171@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Fred Mbonu&quot; &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Fred Mbonu &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Fred Mbonu&quot; &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Fred Mbonu &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-03T20:22:36Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-03T20:22:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;	by fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h53CM6k24750	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Tue, 3 Jun 2003 08:22:06 -0400 (EDT)	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Tue, 3 Jun 2003 08:22:03 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun  3 08:22:16 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt; by fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h53CM6k24750 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Tue, 3 Jun 2003 08:22:06 -0400 (EDT) for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Tue, 3 Jun 2003 08:22:03 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200306031221.h53CLpkM017171@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Fred Mbonu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Fred Mbonu&quot; &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Fred Mbonu &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-251" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Fred Mbonu &lt;mfrred@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200306031221.h53CLpkM017171@cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>DEAR PARTNER</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR PARTNER,

I GUESS THIS LETTER MAY COME TO YOU AS SURPRISE SINCE I
HAD NO PREVIOUS CORRESPONDENCE WITH YOU. I AM THE
CHAIRMAN TENDER BOARD OF INDEPENDENT NATIONAL ELECTORAL COMMISSION
(INEC). I GOT YOUR CONTACT IN THE COURSE OF MY SEARCH
FOR A RELIABLE PERSON WITH WHOM TO HANDLE A VERY
CONFIDENTIAL TRANSACTION INVOLVING THE
TRANSFER OF THE SUM OF $30,000,000.00 D0LLARS
(THIRTY MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS) INTO
YOUR PRIVATE ACCOUNT FOR SAFE KEEPING THE
ABOVE FUND IN QUESTION IS NOT CONNECTED WITH ARMS,
DRUGS OR MONEY LAUNDERING. IT IS THE PRODUCT OF AN
OVER INVOICE ON CONTRACT AWARDED IN 1999 BY INEC TO A
FOREIGN COMPANY FOR THE SUPPLY OF ELECTORAL
MATERIALS THAT WAS USED FOR CONDUCTING 1999
ELECTION. THE CONTRACT HAS LONG BEEN EXECUTED AND
PAYMENT OF THE ACTUAL CONTRACT AMOUNT HAS BEEN
PAID TO THE FOREIGN CONTRACTOR LEAVING THE BALANCE
OF US$30MILLION DOLLARS IN A DORMANT ACCOUNT, WHICH
MY COLLEAGUES AND I NOW WANT TO TRANSFER OUT OF
NIGERIA INTO A RELIABLE FOREIGN ACCOUNT FOR OUR
PERSONAL USE. AS CIVIL SERVANTS WE DO NOT HAVE THE
NECESSARY FOREIGN ACCOUNT MACHINERY TO
SUCCESSFULLY HANDLE THIS TRANSACTION THEREFORE IT
BECOMES NECESSARY TO SOURCE FOR A FOREIGN COMPANY
OR AN INDIVIDUAL WITH THE CAPABILITY TO ACT AS THE
ORIGINAL BENEFICIARY OR THE CONTRACTOR. MY DEAR,
IT IS A GOOD THING THE PRESIDENT HAS ENDORSED THE
RESOLUTION PASSED BY THE SENATE THAT ALL FOREIGN
CONTRACTORS OWED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT OF
NIGERIA SHOULD BE PAID. WE WILL SEIZE THIS GOOD
OPPORTUNITY TO SUPPORT YOU AS ONE OF THE
BENEFICIARIES TO BE PAID. IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN
THE PROPOSAL KINDLY GET BACK TO ME BY SENDING ME
YOUR LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE ALONG WITH YOUR DIRECT
TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS, BUT IF YOU CANNOT FOR
ANY REASON TO HANDLE THIS TRANSACTION I SHOULD BE
GRATEFUL, IF YOU CAN INTRODUCE IT TO A RELIABLE AND
TRUST WORTHY PERSON IN WHICH IN ANY CASE YOUR
INTEREST WILL BE PROPERLY TAKEN CARE OF. MEANWHILE,
MY COLLEAGUES AND I HAVE DECIDED TO SHARE THE MONEY
IN THE FOLLOWING RATIO: 60% FOR MY COLLEAGUES AND I,
THEN 30% FOR YOU THE ACCOUNT OWNER AND 10% FOR
ALL LOCAL AND INTERNATIONAL EXPENSES THAT MAY
ARISE IN THE COURSE OF THIS TRANSACTION. FURTHER
DETAILS ABOUT THIS TRANSACTION WILL BE DISCUSSED
IN THE SUBSEQUENT CORRESPONDENCE. THIS TRANSACTION
IS STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL BUT 100% RISK FREE. NOTE ALSO
THAT THE PARTICULAR NATURE OF YOUR BUSINESS IS
IRRELEVANT TO THIS TRANSACTION AND THIS TRANSACTION
IS EXPECTED TO BE CONCLUDED WITHIN 21 WORKING DAYS
SINCE ALL LOCAL CONTACTS AND ARRANGEMENTS HAVE
BEEN PROPERLY PERFECTED FOR A SMOOTH AND
SUCCESSFUL CONCLUSION OF THISTRANSACTION. CONTACT
ME VIA EMAIL WITH YOUR CONTACT TELEPHONE AND
FAX NUMBERS, SO THAT I CAN CALL YOU FOR A DISCUSSION.
THANK YOU AS I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE.

YOURS FAITHFULLY,

FREDRICK MBONU



</p>

</body></html>