<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR  URGENT REPLY  IS  HIGHLY  NEEDED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Micheal  Dudu&quot; &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Micheal  Dudu &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-02-10T15:04:48Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR  URGENT REPLY  IS  HIGHLY  NEEDED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200605101605.k4AG541E009955@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Micheal  Dudu&quot; &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Micheal  Dudu &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Micheal  Dudu&quot; &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Micheal  Dudu &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-02-10T15:04:48Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-02-10T15:04:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May 10 12:05:09 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200605101605.k4AG541E009955@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Micheal  Dudu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Micheal  Dudu&quot; &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Micheal  Dudu &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2519" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Micheal  Dudu &lt;micheal_dudu1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200605101605.k4AG541E009955@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>YOUR  URGENT REPLY  IS  HIGHLY  NEEDED</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,
I am Dr.Micheal Dudu. of Logistics officers of (W.E.A.C. A) West African Control Authorities Dakar Senegal , with due honour I am contacting you in the respect of fund to be transfer to your account. This fund belongs to Mr. Robbin Marvin, Inview of the above we are working as the International Monitoring Committee here in the West Africa, and we monitor every out going and incoming huge fund that was leaving every bank from the West African States to any destination in the whole world. And this organization was empowered by the USA Government (NDLEA) National Drug Law Enforcement Agency after (911) September 11 2001 bomb blast in United State of America, to make sure that every fund that was leaving the West African region has no relationship with Anti Drug Law or Terrorism.
This sum of $17.8 M USD (Seventeen Million Eight Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) is still in our correspondent Bank where it was held prior for transfer after the investigation before the report came to us that he died, and since then no one has come forward to claim it since the report of his sudden death. Mr Robbin Marvin of United States of America's fund has proved legitimate. According to the rules and stipulation of the organization of WEACA at the expiration of 7 (seven) weeks from now, the money will be re-called back to the Central Bank of Senegal if nobody applies to claim the funds as a cousin or beneficiary next of kin to Mr Robbin. Based on my position in this organization, I have kept the facts of this case I am still watching closely to myself alone.The reason I have decided to contact you is because I am quite certain I can move these funds out immediately but would need your assistance. What this requires is that you put in an application of claim into this fund with my guide line. This will enable the Bank where the money was held to open a premium account and make an internal database transfer of the Funds to your account.
However, in the fact that our European Bank may not entertain your request to open an account without a proof of the fund origin, I will without divulging forward to you the whole documents of the said fund and will forward it to you when I have your interest in this matter, On grounds that you agree to do this with me, the money will be shared in the ratio of 60% for me and the chief executive and protocol officer of WAECA who is the only peoples that knows the fact and origin of this fund then 40% for you. It is quite necessary that these are kept as confidential as possible for its successive completion. Please contact me and I will take it from there.
Once I hear from you,I will give you all the paper that will lead you to our Correspondent bank ’s online service the Europe.
Please reply through my email request. I will be expecting
your reply,
NAME..................................
MAILING
ADDRESS.......................
AGE:..................................
STATUS:...............................
STATE/COUNTRY.........................
TEL(PRIVATE)/FAX
NUMBERS.......................
COMPANY NAME.........................
OCCUPATION..........................
Yours Sincerely
Dr.Micheal Dudu.
Member Official Of W.A.E.C.A.






</p>

</body></html>