<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Good   day" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Patrick   Makuum&quot; &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Patrick   Makuum &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-11T18:31:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="madamalima@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="madamalima@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Good   day" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200605112026.k4BKQelN021450@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Patrick   Makuum&quot; &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Patrick   Makuum &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Patrick   Makuum&quot; &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Patrick   Makuum &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-11T18:31:18Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-11T18:31:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May 11 16:26:47 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200605112026.k4BKQelN021450@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Patrick   Makuum" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Patrick   Makuum&quot; &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Patrick   Makuum &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2521" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Patrick   Makuum &lt;patrick_makuum2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200605112026.k4BKQelN021450@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Good   day</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mrs.Alima Makoba
C/o Eglise(Catholic church )
Liberte Sicap 1,
Dakar Senegal.
Tel:++221 5888-952
Good Day.
I know this mail will come to you as a surprise.
Nevertheless I am Mrs.Alima Makoba, aged 59
years, the wife of Major Yusuf Makoba, Chief
Security Officer and Aide-de–camp to the exiled
president Charles Tailor of Liberia .
As a result of the on-going problem in my country, I
am saddled with problems of my ill-health of
protracted diabetes and high blood pressure which is
getting of increase in the recent times, more
importantly getting a trust worthy individual abroad
to receive the sum of US$13.2million on our behalf
which I intend to invest in your company.
Due to this crises presently in my city Monrovia our
home town, I managed to sneak myself and my son David
23 years of age and four other of my daughters out of
Monrovia to Dakar senegal for safety. We were sneaked
into Dakar Senegal through the land boarder by the
help of some government militant group.
After the killing of my husband by the rebels,
we decided to come down here to Dakar senegal to secure
the this deposit deposited here by my husband and to
further look for a trust worthy individual abroad to
receive these deposit which has being deposited here
in Dakar Senegal before he was eventually killed by
the heartless rebels.

I feel confident therefore to introduce myself to you
based on this problem and our present condition as all
our foreign contacts and connections got lost during
this crises, all properties burnt by the rebels.
I am desperately in need to move and re-locate this
huge deposit to your country for safe keeping as this
is the only wealth remaining for the future survival
and well being of my large family.

For your percentage for assistance, a negotiable
percentage will be discussed as soon as I receive your
response based on this plea for your assistance as our
lives are highly in danger due to this problem.
I pray and plead for your help. Please endavour to
email me back for further clarifications over this
issue.
God bless you as you respond to my plea for
assistance.My telephone 00221 5888-952 and phone will
be open for your call any time but if I am not available
the time of your call, my son tanko will respond to
you accordingly.
Sincerely yours.
Mrs. Alima Makoba.




</p>

</body></html>