<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From:Nelison&amp; Linda." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Nelison&amp; Linda. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//ad.tiscali.com/adclick/CID=3D0002ceb4c6efdc0e00000000/SITE=3DCZ.TI=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nelsonkamara_2@walla.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="nelsonkamara_2@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From:Nelison&amp; Linda." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nelsonkamara_2@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable " />
<meta name="creator" content="Nelison&amp; Linda. " />
<meta name="creator" content="nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Nelison&amp; Linda. " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 12 10:25:41 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Nelison&amp; Linda." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Nelison&amp; Linda. " />
<meta name="Author" content="nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2522" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="nelsonkamara@tiscali.cz" />
<title>From:Nelison&amp; Linda.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:Nelison&amp; Linda.
Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire.
Email:nelsonkamara_2@walla.com

Dear Respectful One,

Permit me to inform you our desire of going into business relationship with
you. I know you might be surprised on recieving this mail from us due to
we have not met before.

By brief introduction , I am Nelison and Linda, my younger sister. We are
native of  bouake district in republic of Cote d'Ivoire. We are the children
of late Chief and Mrs. David Kamara, who was assasinated by the rebels in
our home town during the recent political crises of 19th sept.2003. Untill
the death of our parents, they were very wealthy Cocoa/cafe farmers &amp; exporter
based in abidjan the capital city of coted'ivoire.
Before their death in a private specialist hospital, my father called me
on his bed side and secretly confided to me the sum of US$10.5 million dollars
which he deposited in one of the banks in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire for onwardly
 transfer abroad for investment on his proposed cocoa processing company
through an assistance of a foreign partner.

My father also told me his intension to invest part of the money in collaboration
with oil companies in countries like Libya, America or Europe, but unfortunately
he died the way he did without accomplishing his objective as a result of
the rebels attack.
Having know that he will not survive from the injuries he sustained as a
result of the wounds and pains inflinched on him by the rebels, then advised
me to quickly and hurriedly go into his personal underground safe in our
family villa and take the documents covering the deposit in the bank and
look for a true and trustworthy foreigner assist us as partner to front to
the bank as our late parents partner abroad for immediate transfer of the
money for investment in any lucrative business of our chioce for our future
welfare.


Upon the instruction and advice by my father before he finally died, I therefore
request your assistance to help us for onward transfer of the money to your
country for  investment partnership with you in any lucrative business in
your country.  We have agreed to give you 20% of the total sum immediately
the transfer  is made, while 2.5% also will be set aside to cover all the
expenses you  might incure on the process.

Upon your acceptance to our proposal, kindly get back to me through the above
email address so that we can discuss further process on the ways to  achieve
this golden success together.

Note, we are still in the refugee camp Yamussoukro, Cote d'Ivoire, We need
 your urgent attention to this mail because we want to leave here for a
better future with you abroad, as the rebels had killed our parent and also
have taken over my home town as their operational territory, we  look forward
to you to help us with most urgency and honesty.

Expecting your reply soon.
Best Regard and God Bless you.
Nelison &amp; sister
PLEASE reply us at/nelsonkamara_2@walla.com

______________________________________
Platíte zbyteènì drahé povinné ruèení? Zjistìte si cenu v online kalkulaèce
nebo na tel. 841 444 444. O bonus nepøijdete, pøevedeme vám ho.
http://ad.tiscali.com/adclick/CID=0002ceb4c6efdc0e00000000/SITE=CZ.TISCALI/AREA=NEWSLETTER..HOME/POS=L2





</p>

</body></html>