<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="CAPITAL INVESTMENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Ben Maluleke&quot; &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Ben Maluleke &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.co.za/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-14T22:42:03Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CAPITAL INVESTMENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 May 2006 22:42:05.0712 (UTC) FILETIME=[A02C0100:01C677A7]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Ben Maluleke&quot; &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Ben Maluleke &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Ben Maluleke&quot; &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Ben Maluleke &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-14T22:42:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-14T22:42:03Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-83-3557-121,fax" content="+27-11-5076-933  or e-mail: mafani_ben_02@yahoo.com, to the " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 May 2006 22:42:05.0712 (UTC) FILETIME=[A02C0100:01C677A7]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun May 14 18:42:15 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Ben Maluleke" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Ben Maluleke&quot; &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Ben Maluleke &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2533" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Ben Maluleke &lt;benmaluleke_14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>CAPITAL INVESTMENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From the Desk of: ENGR. Ben Maluleke. B Sc (CTU) M. Sc,
Director, Project Implementation
CONFIDENTIAL TEL: +27- 83-3557-121
CONFIDENTIAL FAX: +27-11-5076-933
E-MAIL ADDRESS   :  mafani_ben_02@yahoo.com

PRIVATE
Dear sir/Madam,

I am Ben Maluleke, a Native of Cape Town in South Africa and I am an 
Executive Accountant with the South Africa Department of Mining &amp; Natural 
Resources. First and foremost, I apologized using this medium to reach you 
for a transaction/business of this magnitude, but this is due to 
confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this medium.

Be informed that a member of the South Africa Export Promotion Council 
(SAEPC) who was at the Government delegation to your country during a trade 
exhibition gave your enviable credentials/particulars to me. I have decided 
to seek a confidential co-operation with you in the execution of the deal 
described hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it 
as a top secret because of the nature of this transaction.

Within the Department of Mining &amp; Natural Resources where I work as an 
director and with the cooperation of four other top officials, we have in 
our possession as overdue payment bills totaling Twenty-Seven Million, One 
Hundred Thousand united states dollars (US$27,100,000.00) which we want to 
transfer abroad with the assistance and co-operation of a foreign 
company/individual to receive the said fund on our behalf into a reliable 
company/individual account depending on your convenience.
More so, we are handicapped in the circumstances, as the South Africa Civil 
Service Code of Conduct does not allow us to operate offshore account hence 
your importance the whole transaction. This amount (US$27.1m) represents the 
balance of the total contract value executed on behalf of my Department by a 
foreign contracting firm, which we the officials over-invoiced deliberately. 
Though the actual contract cost have been paid to the original 
contractor,leaving the balance in the tune of the said amount which we have 
in principles gotten approval to remit by Key Tested Telegraphic Transfer 
(K.T.T) to any foreign bank account you will provide by filing in an 
application through the Justice Ministry here in South Africa for the 
transfer of rights and privileges of the former contractor to you.

I have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you be 
willing to assist us in the transaction, your share of the sum will be 30% 
of the US$27.1 million, 60% for us and 10% for taxation and miscellaneous 
expenses. The business itself is 100% safe, on your part provided you treat 
it with utmost secrecy and confidentiality. Also your area of specialization 
is not a hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction.

I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint 
me. Endeavor to contact me immediately through my secured tel/fax number 
whether or not you are interested in this deal. If you are not, it will 
enable me contact other foreign partner with recommendation to carry out 
this deal. I want to assure you that myself and my partners are in a 
position to make the payment of this claim possible provided you can give us 
a very strong assurance and guarantee that our share will be secured and 
Please remember to treat this matter as very confidential matter
because we will not comprehend with any form of exposure as we are still in 
active Government Service and remember once again that time is of the 
essence in this business.

Kindly establish your response directly by telephone:+27- 
83-3557-121,fax:+27-11-5076-933  or e-mail: mafani_ben_02@yahoo.com, to the 
committee's representative whose name appears below. We wait in anticipation 
of your fullest co-operation.

Yours faithfully,
Ben Maluleke (ENGR.)

DEPARTMENT OF MINERALS AND ENERGY
REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA.

_________________________________________________________________
Get the ultimate real-time chat experience - MSN Messenger! 
http://messenger.msn.co.za/



</p>

</body></html>