<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="SOLICITY FOR BUSINESS AND PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="johncolemen1970@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-05-31T16:51:27Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="rosecolemen@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="bf31504f-0a21-4a2f-b007-aa98ff9e942d" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="rosecolemen@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SOLICITY FOR BUSINESS AND PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200305311651.h4VGplf22111@perfectworld.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-05-31T16:51:27Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-05-31T16:51:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat May 31 12:51:54 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200305311651.h4VGplf22111@perfectworld.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="JOHN COLEMEN" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-253" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="JOHN COLEMEN &lt;johncolemen1970@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200305311651.h4VGplf22111@perfectworld.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>SOLICITY FOR BUSINESS AND PARTNERSHIP.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear SIR/MADAM,

I am Mr. John Coleman and my sister is Miss Rose Coleman, we are the children of late Chief Paul Coleman from Sierra Leone. I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance to transfer our cash of twenty one Million Dollars ($21,000.000.00) now in the custody of a private Security trust firm in Europe the money is in trunk boxes deposited and declared as family valuables by my late father as a matter of fact the company does not know the content as money, although my father made them to under stand that the boxes belongs to his foreign partner.

Source of the money:
My late father Chief Paul Coleman , a native of Mende District in the Northerh province of Sierra Leone, was the General Manager of Sierra Leone Mining co-operation (S.L.M.C.) Freetown . According to my father, this money was the income accrued from Mining Co-operation's over draft and minor sales.

Before the peak of the civil war between the rebels forces of Major Paul Koroma and the combined forces of ECOMOG peace keeping operation that almost destroyed my country, following the forceful removal from power of the civilian elected President Ahmed Tejan Kabbah by the rebels. My father had already made arrangement for his family thats talking about my mother, my little sister and myself to be evacuated to HOLLAND NETHERLAND, with the CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT he made with a security firm in Europe through the aid
of U.N evacuation team.

During the war in my country, and following the indiscriminate looting of Public and Government properties by the rebel forces, the Sierra Leone mining coop. Was one of the target looted and it was destroyed. My father including other top Government functionaries were attaked and killed by the rebels in November 2000 because of his relationship with the civilian Government of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah.

As a result of my father's death , and with the news of my uncle's involvement in the air crash in Januaryit dashed our hope of survival. The untimely deaths caused my mother's heart failure and other related complications of which she later died in the hospital after we must have spent a lot of money on her early this year . Now my 18 years old sister and myself are alone in this strange country suffering without any care or help. Without any relation,we are nowlike refugees and orphans.

Our only hope now is in you and the boxes deposited in the Security Firm To this effect, I humbly solicit your assistance in the followings ways.

1. to assist me claim this boxes from the security Firm as our beneficiary
2. to transfer this money (USD$21M) in your name to your country
3. to make a good arrangement for a joint business investment on our
behalf in your country and you, our Adviser/ Manager
For your assistance, I have agreed with my younger sister that 15% of the total amount will be for your effort and another 5 % to cover all the expenses that may incur during the business transaction, Last, I urge you to keep this transaction strictly confidential as no one knows our where about.

Please as you show your willingness, Forward to us your full name, address and Tel/ Fax numbers, to me via my private email address as indicated bellow,(rosecolemen@netscape.net) this is for security reasons as i will only be accessing my private email earnestly awaiting your response.
Thanks.

May God bless you as you assist us.
Mr. JOHN COLEMAN.
</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>