<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE HELP AN ORPHAN IN NEED OF YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO of security in two boxes being that objets d'art and =E9ffets familliale= c=92est =E0 la suite d=92un d=EEner d=92affaire qu=92il fut empoisonn=E9=" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 will like of all  that this transaction is concluded as quickly as possi= &lt;hr size=3D1&gt;=20" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="elodie_konan25@yahoo.fr this sum that he was poisoned by his associates and that I should seek a= must help me has to join you in your country to continue my studies or y=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="elodie_konan25@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1973109372-1147707653=" content="15307" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1973109372-1147707653=" content="15307 offer 25% of all to you summon as a recognition for your efforts provide= m'indiquer vos intentions&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;de m'aider, car j'aimerai de tous c=9Cu=" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1973109372-1147707653=" content="15307--" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="elodie_konan25@yahoo.fr this sum that he was poisoned by his associates and that I should seek a= must help me has to join you in your country to continue my studies or y=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1973109372-1147707653=:15307" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu id k4FFevl1021419 Respectueusement, permettez moi de vous informer de mon desir de fair=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu id k4FFevl1021419" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060515154053.21670.qmail@web27014.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE HELP AN ORPHAN IN NEED OF YOUR HELP" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&quot;padding-right" content="10px; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; PADDING-BOTTOM: 10px; PADDING-T=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=3q97XQbWc7zVddap57XDvLA5uzE1dkkZL4rzflAVJGWGG9LSO49I1Y2ICkh1deQo7no3q2VAxe0AGjaXN7ZeQCraJjKgDKGTBMJvRBFLm3+xyjO1Qad2amF98QT/Pm5JiVmwO6znG6pqQaSQs/jWEIkMekCQLk5inACWkXLNcWo=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable =20" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060515154053.21670.qmail@web27014.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; Respectfully, allow me to inform you of my desire to make deals with vo= vous devez  m'aider a vous rejoindre dans =20" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=3q97XQbWc7zVddap57XDvLA5uzE1dkkZL4rzflAVJGWGG9LSO49I1Y2ICkh1deQo7no3q2VAxe0AGjaXN7ZeQCraJjKgDKGTBMJvRBFLm3+xyjO1Qad2amF98QT/Pm5JiVmwO6znG6pqQaSQs/jWEIkMekCQLk5inACWkXLNcWo=  ; =20 fonds,puisque je suis la fille unique et j'ai 22ans." />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 will like of all  that this transaction is concluded as quickly as possi= &lt;hr size=3D1&gt;=20" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;elodie_konan25@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-op" content="10px&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV style=3D&quot;PADDING-RIGHT: 10px; PADDING-LEFT: =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 15 11:41:19 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;elodie_konan25@yahoo.fr&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; I TRANSLATE ON INTERNET BECAUSE I HEAR NOT TOO MUCH ENGLISH Avant sa mort en ao=FBt 2002 suite =E0 un empoisonnement,il m=92a indiqu=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-ing-bottom" content="10px; PADDING-TOP: 10px&quot;&gt;&lt;FONT color=3D#0000ff&gt;I TRANSLATE ON=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 foreign associate in a country of my choice where I must transfer this m= also I am laid out to offer 25% of all to you summon as a recognition fo=" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-hoofr/*http" content="//fr.yahoo.com/set&quot; target=3D_blank&gt;Cliquez ici&lt;/a&gt;." />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2542" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060515154053.21670.qmail@web27014.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; Respectfully, allow me to inform you of my desire to make deals with vo= vous devez  m'aider a vous rejoindre dans =20" />
<title>PLEASE HELP AN ORPHAN IN NEED OF YOUR HELP</title>
</head>
<body>    I TRANSLATE ON INTERNET BECAUSE I HEAR NOT TOO MUCH ENGLISH
   
  Respectfully, allow me to inform you of my desire to make deals with vous.J' obtained your co-ordinates on the Net and I allowed myself to send to you I am KONAN AYA ELODIE only daughter of the defunts Mister and Mrs KONAN ALBERT my father was associated to businessmen in the field of the coffee cocoa and it is following a business dinner that he was poisoned by these associates, because he was seen by the large investors and basic financial backers, seen more the many contracts which he signed with the world and also with farmers of our
 country. My mother died when I was very small and since then, my father occupied himself of me carefully. Before its death in August 2002 following a poisoning, it indicated to me that he deposited the sum of eleven millio two hundred and thousand dollars $11.200.000 USDollars in a company of safety which bears my name as the heritier here in Abidjan. And my partner in business like the beneficiare. he also explained me that it is for this sum that he was poisoned by his associates and that I should seek a foreign associate in a country of my choice where I must transfer this money and to invest in an activity with an aim to assured my future. But I will tell you things, he said that he has to keep this money in societé of security in two boxes being that objets d'art and éffets familliale. The goal of this message is to solicit of your assistance in a following way: (1) to help me has
 to collect this money societé security because I do not want to lose them and to invest them in that it business does not matter that you will find very very advantageous. (2) act as my guardian asI am the only daughter and I have 22ans. (3) once money transferred in your country you must help me has to join you in your country to continue my studies or you help me to have an authorization permanent resident. In addition, all what you will have invested in this business will be to refund to you and also I am laid out to offer 25% of all to you summon as a recognition for your efforts provided. I taken to you to indicate your intentions to me to help me, because I will like of all  that this transaction is concluded as quickly as possible. Respectfully, KONAN AYA ELODIE
   
    Respectueusement, permettez moi de vous informer de mon desir de faire des affaires avec vous.J'ai obtenu vos coordonnées sur le net et
je me suis permis de vous envoyer 

Je suis KONAN AYA ELODIE fille unique des defunts Monsieur et Madame KONAN 
ALBERT  
mon père était associé à des hommes d’affaires dans le domaine du café cacao 
et c’est à la suite d’un dîner d’affaire qu’il fut empoisonné par ces associés, 


car il était le plus vu par les grands investisseurs et bailleurs de fond, vue 
les nombreux contrats qu’il signait de part le monde et aussi avec des 
agriculteurs de notre pays.

Ma mère est morte quand j'etais très petite 

et depuis lors, mon père s’occupait de moi avec soins.
 Avant sa mort en août 2002 suite à un empoisonnement,il m’a indiqué qu’il à la 
somme de onze million deux cent mille dollars
 Américain $11.200.000 USDollars dans une 
société de securite qui porte mon nom comme l'heritière ici à  Abidjan. Et mon 
partenaire en affaire comme le beneficiare.


Il m’a aussi expliqué que c’est pour cette somme 

qu’il a été empoisonné par ces associés et que je

devrais chercher un associé étranger dans un pays 
de mon choix où je dois transférer cet argent et 

investir dans une activité dans le but d’assuré notre avenir.

Mais je vais vous dire une choses, il a dit qu'il a garder cet argent dans la 
societé de securité dans deux mallets étant que des objets d'arts et éffets 
familliale. 

Je tiens a vous informer aussi que la societe de securite demande une comme 
qu'il faut payer avant de recuperer les mallets.
Le but de ce message est de solliciter  de votre aide de manière suivante :



(1) m'aider a faire sortir cet argent de la societé de securité car je ne veux 
pas les
 perdre et les investir dans n'importe qu'elle affaire que vous trouvera 
tres tres profitable.

 

(2) me servir de conseiller et gestionnaire de ces 

    fonds,puisque je suis la fille unique et j'ai 22ans.



(3) une fois l’argent transféré dans votre pays

    vous devez  m'aider a vous rejoindre dans  

    votre pays pour continuer mes études ou vous 

  allez m'aider à avoir une autorisation 

   de résident permanent. 



Par ailleurs, tous ce que vous aurez investi dans 

cette affaire vous sera rembourser et aussi je

suis disposées à vous offrir 25% de toute la 

somme en guise de reconnaissance pour vos efforts 

fourni. Je vous pris de m'indiquer vos intentions

de m'aider, car j'aimerai de tous cœur que 

cette transaction soit conclue le plus
 vite possible.     
  Respectueusement,

KONAN AYA ELODIE






<p>
		</p>


 
Faites de Yahoo! votre page d'accueil sur le web pour retrouver directement vos services préférés : vérifiez vos nouveaux mails, lancez vos recherches et suivez l'actualité en temps réel. <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/mail/mail_taglines/yahoofr/*http://fr.yahoo.com/set">Cliquez ici</a>.</body></html>