<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="MRS. MARIAM M. SESE-SEKO" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko&quot; &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-04T10:54:29Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mbutu@xmsg.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mbutu@xmsg.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MRS. MARIAM M. SESE-SEKO" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200306041054.h54AsS510751@enforcer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko&quot; &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko&quot; &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-04T10:54:29Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-04T10:54:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;	by enforcer.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id h54AsS510751	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 4 Jun 2003 06:54:29 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.7000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun  4 06:54:32 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt; by enforcer.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id h54AsS510751 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 4 Jun 2003 06:54:29 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200306041054.h54AsS510751@enforcer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko&quot; &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.7000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-255" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs. Mariam M. Sese-seko &lt;liusaxxxx@totalise.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200306041054.h54AsS510751@enforcer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>MRS. MARIAM M. SESE-SEKO</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MRS. MARIAM M. SESE-SEKO

DEAR FRIEND,
I AM MRS. SESE-SEKO WIDOW OF LATE PRESIDENT MOBUTU SESE-SEKO OF ZAIRE? NOW KNOWN AS DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO (DRC). I AM MOVED TO WRITE YOU THIS LETTER,THIS WAS IN CONFIDENCE CONSIDERING MY PRESENT CIRCUMSTANCE AND SITUATION.
I ESCAPED ALONG WITH MY HUSBAND AND TWO OF OUR SONS KONGOLO AND NZANGA OUT OF DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO (DRC) TO ABIDJAN, COTE D'IVOIRE WHERE MY FAMILY AND I SETTLED, WHILE WE LATER MOVED TO SETTLED IN MORROCO WHERE MY HUSBAND LATER DIED OF CANCER DISEASE. HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION WE DECIDED TO CHANGED MOST OF MY HUSBAND'S BILLIONS OF DOLLARS DEPOSITED IN SWISS BANK AND OTHER COUNTRIES INTO OTHER FORMS OF MONEY CODED FOR SAFE PURPOSE BECAUSE THE NEW
HEAD OF STATE OF (DR) MR LAURENT KABILA HAS MADE ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SWISS GOVERNMENT AND OTHER EUROPEAN COUNTRIES TO FREEZE ALL MY LATE HUSBAND'S TREASURES DEPOSITED IN SOME EUROPEAN COUNTRIES. HENCE MY CHILDREN AND I DECIDED LAYING LOW IN AFRICA TO STUDY THE SITUATION TILL WHEN THINGS GETS BETTER, LIKE NOW THAT PRESIDENT KABILA IS DEAD AND THE SON TAKING OVER (JOSEPH KABILA). ONE OF MY LATE HUSBAND'S CHATEAUX IN SOUTHERN FRANCE WAS CONFISCATED BY THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT, AND AS SUCH I HAD TO CHANGE MY IDENTITY SO THAT MY INVESTMENT WILL NOT BE TRACED AND CONFISCATED. I HAVE DEPOSITED THE SUM OF EIGHTEEN MLLION UNITED STATE DOLLARS (US$18,000,000.00.) WITH A SECURITY COMPANY , FOR SAFEKEEPING. THE FUNDS ARE SECURITY CODED TO PREVENT THEM FROM KNOWING THE CONTENT.
WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO IS TO INDICATE YOUR INTEREST THAT YOU WILL ASSIST US BY RECEIVING THE MONEY ON OUR BEHALF. ACKNOWLEDGE THIS MESSAGE, SO THAT I CAN INTRODUCE YOU TO MY SON (KONGOLO) WHO HAS THE LAYOUT MODALITIES FOR THE CLAIM OF THE SAID FUNDS. I WANT YOU TO ASSIST IN INVESTING THIS MONEY, BUT I WILL NOT WANT MY IDENTITY REVEALED. I WILL ALSO WANT TO BUY PROPERTIES AND STOCK IN MULTI-NATIONAL COMPANIES AND TO ENGAGE IN OTHER SAFE AND NON-SPECULATIVE INVESTMENTS. MAY I AT THIS POINT EMPHASISE THE HIGH LEVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY, WHICH THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS, AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY THE TRUST AND CONFIDENCE, WHICH I REPOSE IN YOU.
IN CONCLUSION, IF YOU WANT TO ASSIST US , MY SON SHALL PUT YOU IN THE PICTURE OF THE BUSINESS, TELL YOU WHERE THE FUNDS ARE CURRENTLY BEING MAINTAINED AND ALSO DISCUSS OTHER MODALITIES INCLUDING REMUNERATION FOR YOUR SERVICES.
FOR THIS REASON KINDLY FURNISH ME WITH YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION, THAT IS YOUR PERSONAL TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER FOR CONFIDENTIAL PURPOSE AND ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT OF THIS MAIL BY SENDING  ME AN EMAIL VIA MY CONFIDENTIAL EMAIL ADDRESS AS STATED ABOVE.
BEST REGARDS,
MRS M. SESE SEKO



</p>

</body></html>