<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="dr_idris87@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT REPLY PLEASE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;idris ali&quot; &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="idris ali &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.ideas.live.com/programpage.aspx?versionId=5d21c51a-b161-4314-9b0e-4911fb2b2e6d" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dr_idris87@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-22T10:21:43Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dr_idrisali@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F474D793F48EF3ED6E596E999A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dr_idrisali@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT REPLY PLEASE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="22 May 2006 10:21:45.0940 (UTC) FILETIME=[873AB140:01C67D89]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Mon, 22 May 2006 03:21:45 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F474D793F48EF3ED6E596E999A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[dr_idris87@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;idris ali&quot; &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="idris ali &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;idris ali&quot; &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="idris ali &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-22T10:21:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-22T10:21:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="22 May 2006 10:21:45.0940 (UTC) FILETIME=[873AB140:01C67D89]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="dr_idris87@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 22 06:22:06 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[dr_idris87@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt; Mon, 22 May 2006 03:21:45 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="idris ali" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;idris ali&quot; &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="idris ali &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2558" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="idris ali &lt;dr_idris87@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F474D793F48EF3ED6E596E999A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT REPLY PLEASE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

Attention Please.


Sorry to disturb you. I am Dr Idris Ali, the Director in charge of Auditing 
and Accounting section of AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B) Ouagadougou 
Burkina-faso West Africa. With due respect and regard. I have decided to 
contact you on a business transaction that will be very beneficial to both 
of us at the end of the transaction .


During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died in a 
plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his account with this Bank 
without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his family or 
relation before our discovery to this development.


The said amount was U.S 7.5M (Seven Million,Five Hundred Thousand United 
States Dollars). As it may interest you to know, I got your impressive 
information through internet directory . Meanwhile all the whole arrangement 
to put claim over this fund as the bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get 
the required approval and transfer this money to a foreign account has been 
put in place and directives and needed information will be relayed to you as 
soon as you indicate your interest and willingness to assist, and also 
benefit your self to this great business opportunity.


In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant(A Banker),we are not allowed to operate a foreign 
account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of 
transfer because I work in this bank. This is the actual reason why it will 
require a second party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of kin 
with affidavit of trust of oath to the Bank and also present a foreign 
account where he will need the money to be re-transferred into on his 
request as it may be after due verification and clarification by the 
correspondent branch of the bank where the whole money will be remitted from 
to your own designation bank account.


I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free.On 
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 10% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone and 
internet bills, while 60% will be for me and my coleagues. Please, you have 
been adviced to keep "Top Secret" as I am still in service and intend to 
retire from service after we conclude this deal with you.


I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm 
the money in your account and ask me to come down to your country for 
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and further investment, either in your country or any country you advice us 
to invest in. All other necessary vital nformation will be sent to you when 
I hear from you.


I look forward to receive your phone and fax numbers for easy communication,


Yours faithfully,


Dr Idris Ali.

_________________________________________________________________
Windows Live Messenger : venez tester la version bêta ! 
http://www.ideas.live.com/programpage.aspx?versionId=5d21c51a-b161-4314-9b0e-4911fb2b2e6d



</p>

</body></html>