<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM THE DESK OF MR. MUSTAFA JOSEPH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mustafa joseph&quot; &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt; RELEASE THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASE=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mustafa joseph &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-23T11:41:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&quot; &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt; AS NEXT OF KIN TO A FOREIGNER." />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-bogosity" content="No, tests=bogofilter, spamicity=0.902550, version=0.15.13" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="normal" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="latinmail.com_ltwebml03.localdomain_50c99bf8175b9d34ad8c3eab948495ff" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM THE DESK OF MR. MUSTAFA JOSEPH" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	by smtp.latinmail.com (Postfix) with SMTP	id 2841EA45889; Tue, 23 May 2006 13:41:21 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060523114121.2841EA45889@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mustafa joseph&quot; &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt; RELEASE THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASE=" />
<meta name="creator" content="mustafa joseph &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mustafa joseph&quot; &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt; RELEASE THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASE=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mustafa joseph &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-23T11:41:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 id 2841EA45889; Tue, 23 May 2006 13:41:21 +0200 (CEST) PLANE CRASH LEAVING NOBODY BEHIND FOR THE CLAIM. IT IS THEREFORE UPON =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Bogosity" content="No, tests=bogofilter, spamicity=0.902550, version=0.15.13" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-23T11:41:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 23 07:46:30 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt; by smtp.latinmail.com (Postfix) with SMTP IN PARIS FRANCE ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060523114121.2841EA45889@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mustafa joseph" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="normal" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mustafa joseph&quot; &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt; RELEASE THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASE=" />
<meta name="Author" content="mustafa joseph &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2562" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mustafa joseph &lt;mustafa_joseph01@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060523114121.2841EA45889@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<title>FROM THE DESK OF MR. MUSTAFA JOSEPH</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR. MUSTAFA JOSEPH
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK
OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO


I AM THE MANAGER OF BILL AND EXCHANGE AT THE FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPARTMENT OF AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK BURKINA FASO. I GOT YOUR CONTACT ADDRESS THROUGH INTERNET NET WORK SEARCH WHEN SEARCHING FOR A GOOD AND RELIABLE PERSON THAT WILL ASSIST ME IN THIS TRANSACTION.

IN MY DEPARTMENT WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF 22.85M US DOLLARS (
TWENTY TWO MILLLION EIGHT HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND US DOLLARS)IN AN
ACCOUNT THATBELONGS TO ONE OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMER WHO DIED ON 25TH JULY 2000 IN SUPER SONIC CONCORDE PLANE CRASH AT CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT IN PARIS FRANCE ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY.

SINCE WE GOT INFORMATION ABOUT HIS DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING HIS NEXT
OF KIN TO COME OVER AND CLAIM HIS MONEY BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE IT
UNLESS SOMEBODY APPLIES FOR IT AS NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED
AS INDICATED IN OUR BANKING GUI DELINES BUT UNFORTUNATELY WE LEARNT THAT
ALL HIS SUPPOSED NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION DIED ALONGSIDE WITH HIM AT THE PLANE CRASH LEAVING NOBODY BEHIND FOR THE CLAIM. IT IS THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT I DECIDED TO MAKE THIS BUSINESS PROPOSAL TO YOU AND RELEASE THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT AND I DON'T WANT THIS MONEY TO GO INTO THE BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED BILL.

THE BANKING LAW AND GUIDELINE HERE STIPULATES THAT IF SUCH MONEY REMAINED
UNCLAMED AFTER SEVEN YEAR, THE MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERED INTO THE BANK
TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED FUND.

THE REQUEST OF FOREIGNER AS NEXT OF KIN IN THIS BUSINESS IS OCCASIONED BY
THE FACT THAT THE CUSTOMER WAS A FOREIGNER AND A BURKINABE CANNOT STAND AS NEXT OF KIN TO A FOREIGNER.

I AGREE THAT 30% OF THIS MONEY WILL BE FOR YOU AS FOREIGN PARTNER, IN
RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF A FOREIGN ACCOUNT AND 70% W OULD BE FOR ME;

THEREFORE TO ENABLE THE IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF THIS FUND TO YOU AS
ARRANGED, YOU MUST APPLY FIRST TO THE BANK AS RELATIONS OR NEXT OF KIN OF
THE DECEASED INDICATING YOUR BANK NAME, YOUR BANK ACCOUNT NUMBER, YOUR
PRIVATE TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER FOR EASY AND EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION AND LOCATION WHERE IN  THE MONEY WILL BE REMITTED.

UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR REPLY, I WILL SEND TO YOU BY FAX OR EMAIL THE TEXT OF
THE APPLICATION. I WILL NOT FAIL TO BRING TO YOUR NOTICE THAT THIS
TRANSACTION IS HITCH FREE AND THAT YOU SHOULD NOT ENTERTAIN ANY ATOM OF
FEAR AS ALL REQUIRED ARRANGEMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE FOR THE TRANSFER.

YOU SHOULD CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS MAIL   THROUGH
MY  PRIVATE LINE  22676 08 66 92
YOUR'S FAITHFULLY
MR. MUSTAFA JOSEPH




¡Miles de amigos con tus mismas aficiones! http://www.latinchat.com</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>