<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Hello" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//ad.tiscali.com/adclick/CID=3D0002ceb4c6efdc0e00000000/SITE=3DCZ.TI=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+874-763427915 or +874-763427918 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+874-763427916" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kit00win@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Hello" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kit00win@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="creator" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kit1win@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 26 03:59:58 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kit1win@tiscali.cz&gt; online kalkula=E8ce" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="Author" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2588" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kit1win@tiscali.cz" />
<title>Hello</title>
</head>
<body><p>77 Seaside Cottages
Fish Hoek-Cape Town
South Africa
Tel:+874-763427915 or +874-763427918
Fax:+874-763427916
Hello,

READ CAREFULLY PLEASE

For this letter is strictly personal, intimate and confidential.

Forgive this unusual manner of contacting you, but this particular letter
is of exceptional and very private nature. There is absolutely going to be
a great doubt and distrust in your heart in respect of this email, coupled
with the fact that, so many miscreants have taken possession of the Internet
to facilitate their nefarious deeds, thereby making it extremely difficult
for genuine and legitimate business class persons to get attention and recognition.
There is no way for me to know whether I will be properly understood, but
it is my duty to write and reach out to you.

For I know that you are the only one that can be trusted to handle this project
effectively without making me regret.

Though this approach appears desperate, difficulties encountered in efforts
to establish a business abroad necessitate this search for someone to assist
me in securing and investing this fund.

My name is Bona Ken, I am the operational manager in account management section
in charge of credit and foreign bills of one of the prime banks here in South
Africa. I am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my bank who perished
with his whole families on 18TH JULY 2003 in KENYAN PLANE CRASH with the
whole passengers aboard.

There is an account opened in this bank in 2000 by this great late INDUSTRIALIST
who died without a written or oral 'WILL' attached to the account. Since
his death, I personally has watched with keen interest to see the next of
kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and
no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it,the account
has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the manager of his company.

The total amount involved is 116,000,000.00 USD.[One Hundred and Sixteen
Million United States Dollar]. We wish to start the first transfer with $16,000,000.00
[Sixteen Million] and upon successful transaction without any disappointment
from your side, we shall re-apply for the transfer of the remaining balance
to your account.

I have secretly discussed this matter with the general manager of the bank
who I must involve in order to have a smooth and a successful transfer of
the fund to any foreign bank account, which you are going to nominate. On
this note, I decided to seek for a reliable foreigner who will act as the
foreign beneficiary of the fund from the deceased by providing his/her bank
account where the fund will be transferred for immediate investment on any
viable project as no one has come up to be the next of kin.

The banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than three
years without claim hence the money will be recalled to the government treasury
as unclaimed after this long period of dormancy.

In view of this I got your contact through my personal search to see if you
can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a
reliable person who will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her
personal account. At the conclussion of the transfer 60% of the fund will
be for me, I will give you 25% of the total transfer sum, 10% for charity
both in Africa and in your country while the remaining 5% will be set aside
to settle expenses both parties might incure during the transfer process.

Upon the receipt of your reply, I will send to you detailed information about
the transaction. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this business
is 100% risk and trouble free and that you should not entertain any fear
as all modalities for fund transfer can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking
days, after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund from the
deceased.

When you receive this letter. Kindly send me e-mail . You should also include
your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe communication.

Respectfully yours,
Bona Ken.



______________________________________
Platíte zbyteènì drahé povinné ruèení? Zjistìte si cenu v online kalkulaèce
nebo na tel. 841 444 444. O bonus nepøijdete, pøevedeme vám ho.
http://ad.tiscali.com/adclick/CID=0002ceb4c6efdc0e00000000/SITE=CZ.TISCALI/AREA=NEWSLETTER..HOME/POS=L2





</p>

</body></html>