<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.170" />
<meta name="subject" content="HELLO SIR" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="cheung pu &lt;cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-26T18:49:35Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dr97@CU" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dr97@CU" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="dr97@CU" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.170" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="5.577 (*****) DEAR_FRIEND MILLION_USD RISK_FREE SUB_HELLO CU_NO_RDNS CU_MISMATCHED_SENDER" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELLO SIR" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1FjhNP-0000vL-TZ@server.sizzlyhosting.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="creator" content="cheung pu &lt;cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="cheung pu &lt;cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-26T18:49:35Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-26T18:49:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;apache@server.sizzlyhosting.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="5.577 (*****) DEAR_FRIEND MILLION_USD RISK_FREE SUB_HELLO CU_NO_RDNS CU_MISMATCHED_SENDER" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 26 14:50:03 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;apache@server.sizzlyhosting.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1FjhNP-0000vL-TZ@server.sizzlyhosting.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="cheung pu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR CHEUNG PUI" />
<meta name="Author" content="cheung pu &lt;cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2596" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="cheung pu &lt;cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1FjhNP-0000vL-TZ@server.sizzlyhosting.com&gt;" />
<title>HELLO SIR</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR CHEUNG PUI

cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk 

Dear Friend,

Let me start by introducing myself. I am Mr. Cheung Pui director of 
operations of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd.I have an obscured business 
suggestion for you.

Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client "Major Fadi Basem  who was 
with the Iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed 
depositfor 18 calendar
months, with a value of Twenty Four million Five Hundred Thousand 
United State Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity several notice 
was sent to him,even during the war early this  year. Again after the 
war another notification was sent and still no
response came from him. We later find out that the Major and his 
family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their 
home.

After further investigation it was also discovered that Major Fadi 
Basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including 
the paper work of his
bankdeposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at my 
office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So, 
Twenty Four million Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars is 
still lying in my bank and no one willever come forward to claim it.

What bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my 
country at the expiration 5 years the funds will revert to the 
ownership of the Hong Kong
Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Against this 
backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a foreigner 
to stand as the next of kin to Major Fadi Basem  so that you will be 
able to receive his funds.

WHAT IS TO BE DONE:

I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we 
shall come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will 
prepare the necessary
document that will back you up as the next of kin to Major Fadi 
Basem , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to 
provide me with your Full Names and Address so that the attorney can 
commence his job. After you have been made the next of kin, the 
attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the 
necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of 
the funds to an
account that will be provided by you.

There is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going to 
adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the 
necessary documents.Please
endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this 
issue.Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank 
account we shall share in the ratio of 70% for me, 30% for you.

Should you be interested please send me your full names and current 
residential address and I will prefer you to reach me on the email 
address below;

EMAIL ADDRESS: cheugpuixx7@yahoo.com.hk 

And finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this 
operation.

Your earliest response to this mail will be appreciated.

Kind Regards,

Mr. Cheung Pui.















</p>

</body></html>