<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.78.18.26" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM MR J. MOORE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="john_moore5@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-26T22:16:58Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="john_moore_john1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="john_moore_john1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM MR J. MOORE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-26T22:16:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-26T22:16:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 26 18:31:46 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt; The families do" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="John" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.78.18.26" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2597" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="John &lt;john_moore5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>FROM MR J. MOORE</title>
</head>
<body><p>My name is Dr. John Moore, and I work in the  International Operation 
Department in a Bank here in London.I feels quite safe dealing with you 
in this important business. Though, this medium (Internet) has been 
greatly abused, I choose to reach you through it because it still 
remains the fastest medium of communication. However, this 
correspondence is  unofficial and private, and it should be treated as 
such. 

At first I will like to assure you that this transaction is 
100% risk and trouble free to both parties. WE WANT TO TRANSFER OUT 
MONEY FROM OUR BANK
HERE IN LONDON. THE FUND FOR TRANSFER IS OF 
CLEANORIGIN. THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS A FOREIGNER, a program 
leader. Until his death, The Late Prime  Minister, Mr. Rafik Hariri, 
has a huge investment here in the United Kingdom and all over the 
world, as a matter of fact he has the sum of (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN 
HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS  STERLINGS) in his account here 
in London which he deposited as a family valuables.

 The families do 
not  know about this deposit. I was on a routine  inspection that I 
discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL. Of (THIRTY SIX 
MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) on 
further discreet investigation, I also discovered that the account 
holder has passed away (dead) leaving no beneficiary to the account. 
The bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the  former 
operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am certainly sure that nobody 
will come again for the claim of this money. A foreigner can only claim 
this
money with legal claims to the account Holder, 
 
I need your full 
cooperation in this transaction. I will provide all necessary 
information needed in order to claim this money. Hoping in God that you 
will never let me down now and in future.o.k! Rafik Bahaa Edine  Hariri 
(November 1, 1944- February 14, 2005), married to  Nazek Audi Hariri, 
was a Lebanese self-made billionaire 
and business tycoon, and was five 
times Prime Minister of Lebanon (1992-1998 and 2000-2004) before his 
last  resignation from office on October 20,2004. The late Rafik 
Hariri died on February 14, 2005 when explosives equivalent  to around 
300 kg of C4 were detonated as his motorcade drove  past the Saint 
George Hotel i n the Lebanese capital, for  more information please log 
on to (http://www.hariri.info/)

I WANT TOTRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A 
SAFE FOREIGN ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I DON'T KNOW ANY FOREIGNER  WHOM I CAN 
TRUST, I KNOW THAT THIS MESSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE AS WE 
DON'T KNOW OURSELVES BEFORE, BUT BE SURE THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE
BUSINESS. I CONTACT YOU BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL NOT LET ME DOWN ONCE 
THE FUND GOES INTO YOUR ACCOUNT. 

Let me hear from you urgently 
 
Best Regards, 
Mr John Moore.




</p>

</body></html>