<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-RocketDSI" content="i=206.190.58.220;s=w" />
<meta name="subject" content="thanks" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-27T16:21:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jjkangami@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jjkangami@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-985754617-1148746917=:56469" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060527162157.59631.qmail@web55511.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jjkangami@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="thanks" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-rocketdsi" content="i=206.190.58.220;s=w r own&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;pictures as well.  Your's Sincerly ,&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;joseph&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;- &lt;span style=&quot;color:green;&quot;&gt;joseph kangami&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:X-RocketDSI:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=z+6mFxpqHP0xdeaptK8busCzHEZEPeOprsdfCrfuEtuguBQ/YfcfcvIa6+fcXx+5KoDkoMmPeg8cgTkWbeUhoxn9tN/nNLOZX718hoaaqAgHojao2SWMieL40NdPYCT7efbUduqAs7LSsMYokgUAJ8yApnNGPew/fOSfdZXrcmg=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-985754617-1148746917=" content="56469" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-985754617-1148746917=" content="56469" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-985754617-1148746917=" content="56469--" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060527162157.59631.qmail@web55511.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt; d&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;after the transaction i will come and live with you as&lt;br&gt;&lt;br" />
<meta name="creator" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-27T16:21:57Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=z+6mFxpqHP0xdeaptK8busCzHEZEPeOprsdfCrfuEtuguBQ/YfcfcvIa6+fcXx+5KoDkoMmPeg8cgTkWbeUhoxn9tN/nNLOZX718hoaaqAgHojao2SWMieL40NdPYCT7efbUduqAs7LSsMYokgUAJ8yApnNGPew/fOSfdZXrcmg=  ; ime. But God knows the truth!&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;My mother died when I was just 6 years old,and since&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;then my father took me so special.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Before his death on Febuary 12 2002 he called the&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;secretary who accompanied him to the hospital and told&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;him that he has the sum of fifteen million,Five&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;hundred&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;thousand United State Dollars.(USD$15.500,000 Million)&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;left in a Security and insurance  Company  here in&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Ghana, that he used my name as  his next of kin in&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;deposition of the funds in the company.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;He also gave an out standing instrution to the company&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;that the Consignment must be sealed and well kept&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;until i ask for it. and it was deposited as an atifact&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;to avoid problem or tamparing by the officers of the&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;company.before use,&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;I am just 22 years old and a university undergraduate&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;and really don't know what to do. Now I want an&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;account overseas where I can transfer this funds an!" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-27T16:21:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat May 27 17:04:58 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt; h=Message-ID:X-RocketDSI:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="joseph kangami" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2601" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="joseph kangami &lt;jjkangami@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060527162157.59631.qmail@web55511.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt; d&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;after the transaction i will come and live with you as&lt;br&gt;&lt;br" />
<title>thanks</title>
</head>
<body><table><tr>		<td>I have a new email address!</td></tr>

</table>

You can now email me at: jjkangami@yahoo.com

Dear Friend,

I am the only son of my late parents Mr.and Mrs David

kangami, My father was a highly reputable busnness

magnate who operated in the capital of Ivory coast

during his days.

It is sad to say that my father passed away

mysteriously in France during one of his business

trips abroad in the year 12th.Febuary 2002.Though his

sudden death was linked or rather suspected to have

been masterminded by an uncle of his who travelled

with him at that t!
 ime. But God knows the truth!

My mother died when I was just 6 years old,and since

then my father took me so special.

Before his death on Febuary 12 2002 he called the

secretary who accompanied him to the hospital and told

him that he has the sum of fifteen million,Five

hundred

thousand United State Dollars.(USD$15.500,000 Million)

left in a Security and insurance  Company  here in

Ghana, that he used my name as  his next of kin in

deposition of the funds in the company.

He also gave an out standing instrution to the company

that the Consignment must be sealed and well kept

until i ask for it. and it was deposited as an atifact

to avoid problem or tamparing by the officers of the

company.before use,

I am just 22 years old and a university undergraduate

and really don't know what to do. Now I want an

account overseas where I can transfer this funds an!
 d

after the transaction i will come and live with you as

a partner and i'm ready to do anything of your choice.

This is because I have suffered a lot of set backs as

a result of incessant finacial crisis since the death

of my father.The death of my father actually brought

sorrow to my life and i wished to invested under your

care with your advise please. I am in a sincere desire

of your humble assistance in this regards.Your

suggestions and ideas will be highly regarded.Now

permit me to ask these few questions:-

1. Can you honestly help me as your partner?

2. Can I completely trust you that you can not betray

me?

3.What percentage of the total amount in question will

be good for you after the money is in your control

while i come over and finalize my education?

Please,Consider this and get back to me as soon as

possible Immedaitely i confirmed you willingness then

i will send to you my picture.And i will need you!
 r own

pictures as well.  Your's Sincerly ,

joseph

 




- joseph kangami

</body></html>