<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="INVESTMENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Wu Kwon&quot; &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Wu Kwon &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.detnews.com/2003/nation/0310/09/a19e-292811.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.iht.com/articles/531755.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1181380/posts" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kwonk300@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jang55@echina.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="INVESTMENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jang55@echina.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Wu Kwon&quot; &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Wu Kwon &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Wu Kwon&quot; &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Wu Kwon &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 http://adsl.tiscali=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 29 23:30:59 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Wu Kwon" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Wu Kwon&quot; &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Wu Kwon &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2608" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Wu Kwon &lt;kwonk300@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<title>INVESTMENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>My name is Mr Wu kwon from Korea and I would like you to guide
me through the most viable investment opportunities in your
Country. Alternatively, I can invest in your line of business if
you are interested and if your line of business is viable.

I am one of the defectors from the north and I am currently
residing in South Korea.I have been in this Country for sometime
now.Before defecting from the North,I was into currency exchange
business and I was always travelling to other parts of Asia and Europe and
during that period,I was able to move out my funds and deposit it in a vaulting
company in EUROPE.

I want to invest this funds in your Country with your help and
advice because we are being treated as foreigners here. A lot of
defectors now go on to Canada or the United States and some
parts of Europe to live.
For more details, please see the following websites;
http://www.detnews.com/2003/nation/0310/09/a19e-292811.htm
www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn/A41966-2003Oct3?language=printer
http://www.iht.com/articles/531755.html
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1181380/posts
I want you to send me a complete breakdown of the investment
opportunities in your Country and also let me know What exactly
I need to do to enable you invest the funds for me in your
Country.
If interested,you will have to provide an account for receiving
the investment funds.I will then come over to your Country after you receive
the funds and work out the investment plans with you.
After I hear from you and find out the best investment business
you can introduce to me, I will tell you how much is involved.

I will expect your response together with your contact details,
preferably your private telephone number so that I can discuss further and
additional details.
Regards and God Bless
Mr Wu kwon


______________________________________
Nejlevnìj¹í ADSL na trhu. Ji¾ od 333 Kè za mìsíc.          
                                                      http://adsl.tiscali.cz





</p>

</body></html>