<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[10.17.1.56]196.1.179.117" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jauba@ig.com.br" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jauba@ig.com.br" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="Message-Boundary-by-Mail-Sender-1149035062" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060531_002422_063069.jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2          by email-33.ig.com.br (qmail-ldap-1.03) with SMTP          for &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;; 31 May 2006 00:24:22 -0000" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060531_002422_063069.jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Teste" content="asaes" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-05-31T00:24:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-user" content="jauba@ig.com.br" />
<meta name="MboxParser-teste" content="asaes" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-05-31T00:24:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iGMail [www.ig.com.br]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 30 20:24:40 2006" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jauba" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iGMail [www.ig.com.br]" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060531_002422_063069.jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-05-31T00:24:22Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jauba@ig.com.br" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jauba@ig.com.br" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=&quot;mailto" content="jauba3206@yahoo.com&quot;&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;jauba3206@yahoo.com&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/A&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Regards,&lt;BR&gt;&lt;STRONG " />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="jauba &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-user" content="jauba@ig.com.br" />
<meta name="MboxParser-ministry,&lt;br&gt;nigeria.&lt;br&gt;email:jauba3206@yahoo.com&lt;br&gt;tel" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 for &lt;jauba@ig.com.br&gt;; 31 May 2006 00:24:22 -0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-description" content="Mail message body" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; by email-33.ig.com.br (qmail-ldap-1.03) with SMTP boundary=&quot;Message-Boundary-by-Mail-Sender-1149035062&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[10.17.1.56]196.1.179.117" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2610" />
<meta name="MboxParser-style=&quot;font-weight" content="normal&quot;&gt;&lt;SPAN style=&quot;FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Department of " />
<meta name="MboxParser-style=&quot;font-weight" content="normal&quot;&gt;Petroleum Ministry,&lt;/SPAN&gt;&lt;BR " />
<meta name="MboxParser-style=&quot;font-weight" content="normal&quot;&gt;&lt;SPAN style=&quot;FONT-WEIGHT: " />
<meta name="MboxParser-style=&quot;font-weight" content="normal&quot;&gt;Email:jauba3206@yahoo.com&lt;/SPAN&gt;&lt;BR " />
<meta name="MboxParser-style=&quot;font-weight" content="normal&quot;&gt;&lt;SPAN style=&quot;FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Tel: " />
<meta name="MboxParser-style=&quot;font-weight" content="normal&quot;&gt;Engr. James Ubaru,&lt;BR&gt;Department of " />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p> 

Engr. James Ubaru,
Department of 
Budget/Planning,
Petroleum Ministry,
Nigeria.
Email:jauba3206@yahoo.com
Tel: 
+2348028314081

Your candid 
attn:

                             
CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS 
PROPOSAL.

Compliment of the day to you. We have a 
business proposal for you. This is after due deliberation with my partners. 
We believe that you would be in a position to work with us in our bid to 
transfer the sum of Forty-one Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States 
Dollars (US$10.8M) into your account since you do not live in our 
Country.  This transaction is 100% legal and no risk involved. 


We are members of the special committee for budget and planning of 
the Ministry of Petroleum. This committee is principally concerned with 
contract appraisals and approval of contracts in order of priorities as 
regards CAPITAL PROJECTS of the Federal Government of Nigeria. With our 
positions, we have successfully secured for ourselves the sum of Forty-one 
Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars(US$41.5M). 

We 
are working with the present Democratically elected Government in my 
country, and we are seeking the support of Foreign Government to win the 
next election coming up in the year 2007, which the race has started. So 
they have given directive to all Federal Parastatals to settle all Foreign 
Contractors being owed for contract that they have done. Therefore, our plan 
is to include your name as one of the contractors being owed in our 
corporation. 

What we need from you is to provide a safe Account into 
which the funds will be transferred since Government Officials in my country 
are not allowed by our laws to Operate Foreign Accounts. It has been agreed 
that you will be compensated with US$8.3 Million of the remitted funds. 
US$31.125Million belongs to us, while  US$2.075Million will be set 
aside to offset expenses and pay the necessary taxes. 

It may 
interest you to know that two years ago a similar transaction was carried 
out with one Mr. Patrice Miller, the C.E.O of Crane International Trading 
Corporation at number 135, East 57th street, 28th floor, New York 10022, 
with Telephone (212)308-7788 and Telex Number 6731689. After the agreement 
between both of us in which he was to take 25% of the money as his share, 
the money was duly transferred into his Account. We were disappointed on our 
arrival in New York as we were reliably informed that Mr. Patrice Miller was 
no longer on that address while his Telephone and Telex Numbers have been 
reallocated to somebody else. That was how we lost US$27.5M to Mr.Patrice 
Miller.

This time around we would not want you to be like that. We 
need a more reliable and trustworthy person and a reputable Company to do 
this business with, hence we contacted you. So if you can prove yourself to 
be trusted and interested in this deal then we are prepared to do business 
with you. What we want from you is the assurance that you will let us have 
our share when this amount of US$41.5M is transferred into your 
account.
 

If this proposal satisfies you, please contact us, so we can advice 
you on the modalities of the transaction. All modalities of this transfer, 
have been worked out and once started will not take more than 7 Banking days 
with the absolute support of all concerned. This transaction is 100% safe 
and risk free now and after the transfer. Kindly treat this as urgent and 
very confidential. Direct all reponses to <a shape="rect" href="mailto:jauba3206@yahoo.com">jauba3206@yahoo.com</a>

Regards,
Engr. James Ubaru,
Department of 
Budget/Planning,
Petroleum 
Ministry,
Nigeria.
Email:jauba3206@yahoo.com
Tel: 
+2348028314081
 

</p>
</div>
</body></html>