<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT  REPLY  AND CALL ME..." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;raj mohammed&quot; &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="raj mohammed &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.ideas.live.com/programpage.aspx?versionId=5d21c51a-b161-4314-9b0e-4911fb2b2e6d" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-01T15:36:25Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="raj_mohammed@k.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F11DDF2243719F202A33DC996900@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="raj_mohammed@k.ro" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT  REPLY  AND CALL ME..." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="01 Jun 2006 15:36:26.0818 (UTC) FILETIME=[253D8A20:01C68591]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Thu, 1 Jun 2006 08:36:26 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F11DDF2243719F202A33DC996900@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;raj mohammed&quot; &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="raj mohammed &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;raj mohammed&quot; &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="raj mohammed &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-01T15:36:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-01T15:36:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="01 Jun 2006 15:36:26.0818 (UTC) FILETIME=[253D8A20:01C68591]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun  1 11:36:46 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt; Thu, 1 Jun 2006 08:36:26 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="raj mohammed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;raj mohammed&quot; &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="raj mohammed &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2618" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="raj mohammed &lt;raj_mohammed4444@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F11DDF2243719F202A33DC996900@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT  REPLY  AND CALL ME...</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR RAJ MOHAMMED.
The Manager of,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B.)
Ouagadougou, Burkina-Faso.
Direct Line +226 76 40 64 06.

Dear Friend,
Please read carefully, This is secret and confidential.

I hope that you are well today.I am the Manager of Audit and account dept of 
our bank, with due respect i decided to contact you over this business 
financial transaction worth the sum of FIFTEEN MILLION DOLLARS, (15Musd)in 
other to entrust this fund into your bank account.

This is an abandoned fund that belongs to the one of our bank customers who 
died along with his entire family on 25th July,2001 in a plane crash 
disaster. I was very fortune to meet the deceased file when i was arranging 
the old and abandoned customers files of 2000-2001 in other to submit to the 
bank managements accordingly for documentation purposes. Following our 
banking financial policy, it was obviously indicated and signed law fully 
that if such money remains unclaimed after five years without somebody been 
a foreigner apply and claim the fund as the next of kin , the money will be 
transferred into the Bank Treasury as an unclaimed fund.

So the request of you as a foreigner is necessarily needed for the claim 
because a citizen of Burkina Faso cannot come forward to claim the fund 
since the law does not permit an indigene to claim such fund Since the real 
beneficary of the fund is died , the bank are expecting the next of kin to 
apply for the release of the fund for him or her without delay but 
unfortunately i learnt through the investigations which I carried out that 
there is nobody behind who can come and claim the fund.

Therefore I want you to apply to the bank with your reliable bank account 
details where our bank will transfer the fund into and immediately the fund 
is transferred into your account ,i will share the fund according to the 
percentage indicated below.
SIXTY PERCENT (60%) of the total fund will be for me.THIRTY PERCENT( 30%) 
for you in provision of the Bank account.FIVE PERCENT(5%) will be for 
unexpected expenses which may occur during the transfer.FIVE PERCENT(5%) 
will be preserved for helping the helpless people, like charity organization 
and motherless babies.

Thereafter you will help me to visit your country for sharing the money 
according to the percentage indicated above.

And for the immediate transfer of this fund into your bank account as 
arranged, you must apply first to the bank as the only existing next of kin 
to the deceased customer and after approval which will take place 
immediately as you applied, the transfer of the fund into your nominated 
bank account will proceed. Please note that you should keep this business 
secret until you confirm the transfer into the bank account which you will 
provide. And there is NO RISK in this business. The bank will forward to you 
all necessary documents related to the transfer and which will prove that 
you make a legal claim of inheritance.

It is true that i pray to GOD before i was pushed forward to contact you for 
this business but i want you to assure me solemnly that you are a 
trsutwothy,reliable,honest and capable to avoid cheating me in this 
business.If you are really sure of your integerity, Reply immediatelly you 
receive this mail and call me on 00226 76 40 64 06  for more detailed 
information on how the process to transfer the fund into your account will 
be.
Yours faithfully,
Mr Raj Mohammed.

_________________________________________________________________
Windows Live Mail : découvrez et testez la version bêta ! 
http://www.ideas.live.com/programpage.aspx?versionId=5d21c51a-b161-4314-9b0e-4911fb2b2e6d



</p>

</body></html>