<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;proposition" content="&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="subject" content="Greetings" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Barr.Charles Brown&quot; &lt;chambers02files@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;Barr.Charles Brown&quot; &lt;chambers02files@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Greetings" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060603084744.63C2BC0A2@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;chambers02files@universal.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="UebiMiau 2.7.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-IP" content="196.47.91.6" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jun  3 05:01:32 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;chambers02files@universal.pt&gt; to" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060603084744.63C2BC0A2@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="UebiMiau 2.7.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2628" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-ip" content="196.47.91.6" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060603084744.63C2BC0A2@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>Greetings</title>
</head>
<body><p>Greetings</p>


<p>I am Mr.Charles Brown, a Canadian citizen and an Attorney based in
Manchester,England.I am the personal Attorney to late Mr Mark Michelle(a
foreigner and a private oil consultant/contractor with the shell petroleum
Development in Saudi Arabia),hereinafter shall be referred to as my client.
</p>


<p>Unfortunately, my client and his wife lost their lives in a Plane crash
in Dec,2003.My Several attempts to locate any of his relatives as directed
by his bank were all to no avail, even I've made enquires with his country's
embassies and so far,non of his relatives have been traced.It may interest
you to know that my client died "intestate". </p>


<p>PROPOSITION: </p>


<p>I decided to contact you purely on the personal conviction of trust and
confidence that we can co-operate with each other and do a very lucrative
business for our mutual benefit . I want you to give me the needed
assistance by allowing me to present you as the NEXT OF KIN to the deceased
and,the beneficiary of his estate.The deceased had a deposit valued
presently at EIGHTEEN MILLION DOLLARS{ $18,000,000.00) and his Bank has
issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary by will,
otherwise the account would be confiscated. </p>


<p>Already, I have worked out modalities for achieving my aim of appointing
a next of kin as well as transfer the money out of this country, for us to
share in the ratio of 50% for me and 35% to you, while we will collectively
donate10% to "Tsunami Relief Course",while the remaining 5% would be used to
compensate both parties for any incurred expenses in the course of this
transaction. </p>


<p>It is my intention to achieve this transfer in a legitimate way, all I
require is your honest co-operation, confidentiality and trust to enable us
see this transaction through. The money transfer paper work itself will
include a certificate of origin so that the receiving bank does not ask
questions.The paper work will include proper certificate that the fund being
transferred is from non-criminal sources. In short this will be a proper and
legal money transfer with apparently no risk involved. The transaction is
guaranteed to succeed without any problem. </p>


<p>If this proposal is acceptable to you, kindly email your following
information to me ; </p>


<p>A.Private telephone number and fax number. </p>


<p>B.Your postal/residential address. </p>


<p>C.Identification/Occupation. </p>


<p>Further details awaits you upon a positive response from you. </p>


<p>Yours faithfuly, </p>


<p>Barr.Charles Brown </p>





________________________________________________

Wiadomo¶æ pochodzi
z serwera www.k9.pl




</body></html>