<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="200.65.0.27" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dr Jerry(Contact Me)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-05T05:21:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jerryjerome@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jerry1_jerome@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jerry1_jerome@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dr Jerry(Contact Me)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-05T05:21:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-05T05:21:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun  5 01:27:34 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Jerry Jerome" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="200.65.0.27" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2636" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Jerry Jerome &lt;jerryjerome@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>Dr Jerry(Contact Me)</title>
</head>
<body><p>#1105 james park,
johannesburg,
southafrica.
Compliments Of The Day,

Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is Dr Jerry Jerome, A Top 
management Official of one of the finance corporation in johannesburg 
south Africa.I came to know about you in my private search for a 
reliable person/company to handle an important assingment on behalf of 
my Colleagues and myself.As a matter of fact, I got your information 
from Miss Joyce Brown of The International Affairs  Department Of The 
South African Chamber Of Business.
 
Proposition A German Mr. peter 
khan, 66 years of age and a prosperous 
oil/Diamond merchant had in our 
Bank the sum of $35.5million in a domiciliary account.
 
Unfortunately, 
he was killed in 2002 plane crash involving concord AF4878 in Gonesse, 
France. Efforts has been made by the management of my bank through the 
German Embassy in johannesburg to contact any of the deceased children 
but to no avail,as we are made to understand he had no children.Given 
the skeletal information 
available to the bank, it has so far been 
impossible to reach any of the relatives.
The situation left for the 
Management is to declare the deceased account dormant and revert the 
Amount to trading on behalf of the interest of the Bank.
 
In order to 
avoid this development, my Colleagues and I now seek your approval to 
have you stand as a distant relative to Mr. peter khan,so that the 
money would be released to you. All documents and proofs to enable you 
get the money will be carefully packaged once we receive your consent 
on this proposal.I  shall Apply for a leave as soon as the funds gets 
into your reliable account to come to your country for possible sharing 
and investment opportunity which you will assist me in doing.
May I 
assure you that  this is safe and risk-free, as we have taken care of 
all necessary modalities to ensure a hitch-free movement. I have the 
authority of my 
partners involved in this assignment to propose that 
should you be willing to assist us in this,your share would be 40%.
 
I 
have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint 
me.
Please 
 
Best Regards


</p>

</body></html>