<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[66.178.47.68] Date:08-06-2003" />
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE IS REQUIRED." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;abram nkomo&quot; &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abram nkomo &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//clinic.mcafee.com/clinic/ibuy/campaign.asp?cid=3963" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+31indicating your interest and capability for more" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+873-76-3432240" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ab_nkomo@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-09T11:46:19Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ab_nkomo@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ab_nkomo@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ab_nkomo@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+873-76-3432241" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE IS REQUIRED." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;Sea2-F88CfCsvCs7ivp00015d10@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="09 Jun 2003 11:46:19.0542 (UTC) FILETIME=[BE066B60:01C32E7C]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;Sea2-F88CfCsvCs7ivp00015d10@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ab_nkomo@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;abram nkomo&quot; &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="abram nkomo &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;abram nkomo&quot; &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abram nkomo &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-09T11:46:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-09T11:46:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;	by magnumforce.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h59BkK901537	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 9 Jun 2003 07:46:20 -0400 (EDT)	Mon, 09 Jun 2003 11:46:19 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="09 Jun 2003 11:46:19.0542 (UTC) FILETIME=[BE066B60:01C32E7C]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun  9 07:46:27 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ab_nkomo@hotmail.com] Urgent!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt; by magnumforce.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h59BkK901537 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 9 Jun 2003 07:46:20 -0400 (EDT) Mon, 09 Jun 2003 11:46:19 GMT Our Ref:private" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="abram nkomo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;abram nkomo&quot; &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="abram nkomo &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[66.178.47.68]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-director" content="Aron Nkomo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-262" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="abram nkomo &lt;ab_nkomo@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;Sea2-F88CfCsvCs7ivp00015d10@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE IS REQUIRED.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Date: Tue, 13 May 2003 10:32:09 -0700 (PDT)




Nkomo Oil Services                            .
Director:Aron Nkomo
             Our Ref:private
Present Direct Tel: 31645570750
Direct Fax: 31645570751
World Tel: +873-76-3432240
World Fax: +873-76-3432241
South Africa: +27-833654452
Joshua Nkomo Avenue, Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.

               Date:08-06-2003


           Urgent!
Attention:
Do not be surprised about this letter to you as I got
your contact through a financial consultant of mine in Europe. My name is 
Gooday
Nkomo the last born of late Joshua Nkomo the former
Vice President of Zimbabwe and Former President of
Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU). However, I was
studying in a boarding high school when I had to
forcefully return for my father's burial. After the
burial, my father's lawyer notified the family about
his Will in their chamber. While going through the
will, I discovered that my father used his position as
the Former Vice President to acquire and make a
deposition of US$ 23 M {Twenty-three Million United
States dollars} in a special Security Company in South
Africa.

I immediately had to travel to South Africa where a
financial Expert advised me on the best way to safe
guard and realize usefully this funds without any
problems from the South African authorities. This was
to involve a foreigner, who will come down here to
South Africa, open a non-resident Bank account where
the money will be deposited for onward transfer to any
nominated account overseas as foreigners are highly
respected.
This is why I am making this contact with you now
though I am in Amsterdam arranging for the best
possible way to ensure the delivery of the consignment
to Europe here. You are to come down to Amsterdam and
assist me in getting the money out to your beautiful
country where I and my family can make further
investment of the money and where I can live a better
life and have a better education as this is my life
long dream. Here in Amsterdam, my refugee status has
eliminated any chances of my owning an account.
Please, do contact me with my Tel No: +873-76 3432240
or Fax No: +873 76 3432241 or Amsterdam
Tel:+31indicating your interest and capability for more
details. You are entitled to 25% of the total amount
for assisting me; I have mapped out 3% for immediate
re-imbursement for expenses upon your arrival here,
while the rest will be for me, and my family members,
which I would like to invest in your country under your
close supervision and direction. Note: The content of
the consignment is US$ 23 million cash money, but the
Security Company does not know the actual content of
the consignment because it was deposited by my father
with a declaration that the content is precious metals
and diamond valued at US$ 23 M, and this was done with
diplomatic immunity and for security reason, at the
time, my father was still in government in my country
Zimbabwe.
This transaction is basically risk-free for you;
therefore, reach me, preferably with the above stated
phone or fax number to ensure the security of this
transaction. Note that it is because of the
confidential nature of this transaction that I am
giving you these contact info. which you can use to
reach me anywhere I am in the world:
Tel:  +873-76-3432240
Fax: +873-76-3432241
Private E-mail:goodnkomo@hotmail.com
Awaiting your immediate, urgent contact!

Yours Faithfully,

GOODAY NKOMO
Director;NKOMO OIL SERVICE.

_________________________________________________________________
Protect your PC - get McAfee.com VirusScan Online 
http://clinic.mcafee.com/clinic/ibuy/campaign.asp?cid=3963


</p>

</body></html>