<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="217.17.37.86" />
<meta name="subject" content="HELLO DEAR FRIEND." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Smith E. Kimwal&quot; &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Smith E. Kimwal &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-05T10:14:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="smithkimwal72@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20231471.1149502459211.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps01&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="smithkimwal72@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELLO DEAR FRIEND." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20231471.1149502459211.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps01&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Smith E. Kimwal&quot; &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Smith E. Kimwal &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Smith E. Kimwal&quot; &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Smith E. Kimwal &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-05T10:14:19Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-05T10:14:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun  5 06:20:45 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Smith E. Kimwal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Smith E. Kimwal&quot; &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Smith E. Kimwal &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="217.17.37.86" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2637" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Smith E. Kimwal &lt;smithkimwal14@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20231471.1149502459211.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps01&gt;" />
<title>HELLO DEAR FRIEND.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
HELLO DEAR FRIEND.
With due respect trust and humility, I write to you irrespective of 
the fact you do not know me, but please do consider this letter as a 
request from a brother in dire need of assistance. Good day to you my 
good friend, I got your contact courtesy of a business journal over the 
Internet when I am searching for a reliable and trustworthy individual 
or company that can assist me start a new life and invest on a 
lucrative business.

I am Mr. Smith E. Kimwal, I live at number 38 High road, ttf. 228 
England. I am the only child of my father My Father was a wealthy 
Coffee Merchant before he was poisoned to death by his business 
associate on one of their out going discussion on a business trip, due 
to jealous and Greed.

Before his death, he told me that he deposited a box that contains his 
personal documents and the sum of four Million Pounds Sterling with a 
security finance company in London for safekeeping. He gave me the 
document, which he made with my name as the next of kin. He told me to 
relocate to US, and reside there permanently that in no condition I 
will decide to reside here for the sake of my life. 

I am soliciting for your assistance in claiming and receiving this box 
that contains the fund on my behalf. I would be coming over to reside 
permanently, invest with the money and start a good living without 
fear. I need your assistance to get back to good living because I have 
nothing left, the fund in question is the only hope I have. If you 
decide to help me out of this predicament, when I arrive US, I will 
compensate you with twenty percent out of the total fund.
Finally, I have been in contact with the security finance company in 
London to make some enquiries on how the transaction would be made. 
They told me that the box would be Ship to the address of my chosen 
Destination. Please reply with your Full name, telephone number where 
you can easily be reached and home Address where the box will be 
delivered. Please make no mistake about the address for the sake of 
misplacement Please tell me more about your self and what you do for a 
living and the more about your area where you live. On getting your 
response, with the information, I will file in an application to the 
Security Finance Company for the release and delivery of the box to you 
as my beneficiary. Hoping to hearing from you. 
 
Sincerely,
Smith E. Kimwal.













</p>

</body></html>