<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM THE DESK OF MR ALEXANDRE BIAISE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;alexandre biaise&quot; &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="alexandre biaise &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.msn.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-05T18:34:48Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="alexandrebiaise2006@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="alexandrebiaise2006@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM THE DESK OF MR ALEXANDRE BIAISE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="05 Jun 2006 18:34:53.0525 (UTC) FILETIME=[BC966050:01C688CE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;alexandre biaise&quot; &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="alexandre biaise &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;alexandre biaise&quot; &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="alexandre biaise &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-05T18:34:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-05T18:34:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="05 Jun 2006 18:34:53.0525 (UTC) FILETIME=[BC966050:01C688CE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun  5 14:34:57 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="alexandre biaise" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;alexandre biaise&quot; &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="alexandre biaise &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2639" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="alexandre biaise &lt;alexandre_biaise27@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>FROM THE DESK OF MR ALEXANDRE BIAISE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR ALEXANDRE BIAISE.,
DIRECTOR/OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN,
CONTRACT AWARDING COMMITTEE:
EUROPEAN UNION CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT.
BURKINA FASO.
WEST AFRICA.

Dear Friend,

I am Mr Alexandre Biaise, the Chairman of EUROPEAN UNION CONSTRUCTION 
CONTRACT Awarding Committee (EUCCAC) in BURKINA FASO West Africa.
I got your information in a business directory from the Burkina Faso Chamber 
of Commerce and industries, when I was searching for a reliable, honest and 
trust worthy person to entrust this business with.
I was  simply inspired and motivated to pick your contact from the 
directory. After discussing my view and your profile with my colleagues, 
they were very much satisfied and decided to contact you immediately for 
this mutual business relationship.
We wish to transfer the sum of USD$36.000,000.00 (Thirty Six million United 
States Dollars only.) into your personal or company's bank account.
This fund was a residue of the over  invoiced contract bills awarded by us 
for the supply of equipment,hard/soft wares, pharmaceuticals/medical items 
relating to constructing tool's, light and heavy duty vehicles, apparels and 
other administrative logistics etc for the Burkina Faso Projects.
This DEAL was deliberately hatched out and carefully protected with all the 
attendant loop holes sealed off. As the Chairman of CAC, I have the 
cooperation and mandate of the Financial Director and the Secretary of the 
Organization.
We arranged and over invoiced the contract funds supplied by different 
companies from  different countries. It was our consensus to seek the 
assistance of a willing foreigner to provide us with the facilities to 
transfer this money out of Burkina Faso.
This is borne out of our belief in the non-stable and spurious political 
nature of this sub-region.The original contractors have been duly paid by 
the Bank of Africa Ouaga-Burkina-Faso in West Africa. (Bank of Africa, 
Ouaga-Burkina-Faso in West Africa).
Through our bankers - Societe Generale Banque. This balance is suspended in 
the escrow accounts awaiting claims by any foreign company of our choice. We 
intend to pay out this fund NOW as the  organization is winding up its 
activities and the coast has been achieved.
Based on the laws and ethics of employment, we as civil servants working 
under this organization, are not allowed to operate a foreign account.
This is the more reason why we needed your assistance to provide an account 
that can sustain this fund for safe keeping and our future investment with 
your comprehensive advise, assistance and partnership in your country.
It is however agreed, as the account owner in this deal to allow you 30% of 
the entire sum as
compensation, 60% will be held on trust for us while 10% will be used to 
defray any incidental charges and cost during the course of the transaction.
This transaction will be successfully concluded within 14 days if you accord 
us your unalloyed and due cooperation. You should provide the followings;
1, YOUR COMPANY'S NAME WITH COMPLETE ADDRESS,
2, Your TEL AND FAX NUMBERS. (if available)
3, THE NAME OF YOUR BANK,
4, ITS ADDRESS WITH TEL, FAX AND TELEX NUMBERS.
5, ACCOUNT NUMBER.
6, SWIFT CODE.
7, THE COMPLETE MAILING ADDRESS OF THE BENEFICIARY WITH TELEPHONE AND FAX 
NUMBERS.
Upon the receipt of this information, the documents and approval with the  
text will be sent to you for confirmation and then forwarded to the 
organization for ratification and subsequent payment.
As with the case of all organized (sensitive) and conspired DEALS, we 
solicit for your unreserved confidentiality and utmost secret in this 
business. We hope to retire peacefully and lead a Honorable business life 
afterward.
There are no risks involved regards in this business. I suggest you reply me 
back for more intimate and details discussions.

Yours Faithfully.
Mr. MR ALEXANDRE BIAISE.

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.com/



</p>

</body></html>