<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Assalam  Ailekun" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Monica   Gui&quot; &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Monica   Gui &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lilinda2004@myway.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-21T20:33:23Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nica_liza@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nica_liza@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Assalam  Ailekun" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200606052028.k55KSGRT017081@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Monica   Gui&quot; &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Monica   Gui &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Monica   Gui&quot; &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Monica   Gui &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-21T20:33:23Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-21T20:33:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun  5 16:28:30 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200606052028.k55KSGRT017081@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Monica   Gui" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Monica   Gui&quot; &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Monica   Gui &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2642" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Monica   Gui &lt;lilinda2004@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200606052028.k55KSGRT017081@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Assalam  Ailekun</title>
</head>
<body><p>Assalam  Ailekun,
Am contacting you believing you are a honest and trustworthy person.I
believe you will not betray the confidence I am willing to repose in
you, for me to have contacted you even though we've not met before.
You can find the story on this
website:http://(news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/2269238.stm)
On 19th of September 2002,a group of so called rebels took over the
city of Bouake to over-throw the Government of Mr.Laurent Gbagbo the
President of Cote d'Ivoire. On the 20th day morning at about 4:18am some
fractions of the same group of rebels break into our house and killed our
security guard and pass-through the gate entrance to the main building
and took my father away to an un-known destination.
After about four hours later we found him (my father) at the road side,
by then he had been totally beaten and was bleeding to death lying in
the pool of his own blood. From there, we rushed him to a near by
hospital and hours later he sent for my mother. So he told her that he can
not make it from the doctors diagnosis, he also told her that it was
because he (my father) was not from the northern part of the country that
he has been treated this way and also being a political activist.
And again he said he is suspecting some of his business partners for
conspiracy and this sort of brutality. He also told my mother that he
deposited a huge amount of money i.e US$ 10.5million dollars(Ten million
five hundred thousand us dollars only) into a Bank he also told my
mother where he kept the whole documents concerning this deposit that is
made for investment purpose in the western world.
That same day, he (my father) gave up the ghost. Then with the help of
the French soldiers, we escaped to Senegal, where we are now.for
refugee camp I am now contacting you believing you are honest and trustworthy
to help us to receive the money in your account for investment, I and
my mother has decided in compensating you 20%of the total amount for
your assistance .
Please do take your time to go through the mail and get back to us, so
that I will simply introduce you to the Bank where the fund are being
kept now for onward transfer. So you can contact us through our
alternate email adress.
Am waiting for your response.
Thanks and God bless. you
Monica Gui.




</p>

</body></html>