<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-RocketDSI" content="i=206.190.58.152;s=w" />
<meta name="subject" content="MISS MARIA DENISE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-06T12:41:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="maria_denise01@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="maria_denise051@yahoo.pl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1435319933-1149597662=:2603" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060606124102.4775.qmail@web55103.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="maria_denise051@yahoo.pl" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MISS MARIA DENISE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-rocketdsi" content="i=206.190.58.152;s=w" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:X-RocketDSI:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=WQ6fnTE9zLYr8jWA2Ytzsx7Wgop9QDBtQI7H45/dUkyYb8VCDkj2Boej6bULxshYKjShGaLG7yMfj4p0GcyRL4CgXpE/7voiYXJ89blMZ9JhVH59jcW5XNNOvomzsxno04mMpIqKzLTRAMieVcqnl3Ne7qzQcOizL/IVqhwt9UU=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060606124102.4775.qmail@web55103.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt; ast. The death of my father actually brought sorrow to my life. Sir,I" />
<meta name="creator" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-06T12:41:02Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=WQ6fnTE9zLYr8jWA2Ytzsx7Wgop9QDBtQI7H45/dUkyYb8VCDkj2Boej6bULxshYKjShGaLG7yMfj4p0GcyRL4CgXpE/7voiYXJ89blMZ9JhVH59jcW5XNNOvomzsxno04mMpIqKzLTRAMieVcqnl3Ne7qzQcOizL/IVqhwt9UU=  ; st during his days. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;It is sad to say that he passed away mysteriously in France during one of his business trips abroad year 12th.Febuary 2003.Though his sudden death was linked or rather suspected to have been masterminded by an uncle of his who travelled with him at that time. But God knows the truth! My mother died when I was just 4 years old, and since then my father took me so special.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Before his death on Febuary 12 2003 he called the secretary who accompanied him to the hospital and told him that he has the sum of Ten Million United State Dollars.(USD$10 000 000) left in a security company in a mettalic trunk box, but the security company didn't know the content because it was decleared as family valuables personal for security reasons. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;I am just 20years old and a university undergraduate and really don't know what to do. This is because I have suffered a lot of set backs as a result of incessant political crisis here in Ivory co!" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-06T12:41:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1435319933-1149597662=" content="2603" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1435319933-1149597662=" content="2603" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1435319933-1149597662=" content="2603--" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun  6 09:04:13 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt; h=Message-ID:X-RocketDSI:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Now permit me to ask you these question:-" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="maria denise" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2644" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="maria denise &lt;maria_denise01@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060606124102.4775.qmail@web55103.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt; ast. The death of my father actually brought sorrow to my life. Sir,I" />
<title>MISS MARIA DENISE</title>
</head>
<body><table><tr>		<td>I have a new email address!</td></tr>

</table>

You can now email me at: maria_denise01@yahoo.ca

FROM MISS MARIA DENISE

ADDRESS/ AVE 11 RUE 45

ABIDJAN COTE D IVOIRE


Dearest Beloved


Base on your profile i am happy to request for your assistance and also

to go into business partnership with you, i believe that you will not betaryed my trust which i am going to lay on you. I am  MISS maria denise,20years old and the only daughter of my late parents MR.and MRS denise My father was a highly reputable busnness magnet-(a cocoa merchant)who operated in the capital of Ivory coa!
 st during his days. 


It is sad to say that he passed away mysteriously in France during one of his business trips abroad year 12th.Febuary 2003.Though his sudden death was linked or rather suspected to have been masterminded by an uncle of his who travelled with him at that time. But God knows the truth! My mother died when I was just 4 years old, and since then my father took me so special.



Before his death on Febuary 12 2003 he called the secretary who accompanied him to the hospital and told him that he has the sum of Ten Million United State Dollars.(USD$10 000 000) left in a security company in a mettalic trunk box, but the security company didn't know the content because it was decleared as family valuables personal for security reasons. 


I am just 20years old and a university undergraduate and really don't know what to do. This is because I have suffered a lot of set backs as a result of incessant political crisis here in Ivory co!
 ast. The death of my father actually brought sorrow to my life. Sir,I 
am in a sincere desire of your humble assistance in this regards.Your suggestions and ideas will be highly regarded.


 Now permit me to ask you these question:-


(1.) Can I completely trust you?



Consider this and get back to me as soon as possible.


Thank you so much.


My sincere regards,


MISS maria denise.

- maria denise

</body></html>