<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CRY FOR HELP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt; HUSBAND LATER DIED OF CANCER DISEASE. HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION WE DEC=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-10T04:22:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sseko019@go.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sseko019@go.com YOU TO ASSIST IN INVESTING THIS MONEY, BUT I WILL NOT WANT MY IDENTITY REV=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sseko019@go.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sseko019@go.com YOU TO ASSIST IN INVESTING THIS MONEY, BUT I WILL NOT WANT MY IDENTITY REV=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CRY FOR HELP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;3026278.1055218976947.JavaMail.sseko019@gomailjtp05&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;3026278.1055218976947.JavaMail.sseko019@gomailjtp05&gt; CONFIDENTIALITY,WHICH THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS, AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY =" />
<meta name="creator" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt; HUSBAND LATER DIED OF CANCER DISEASE. HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION WE DEC=" />
<meta name="creator" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt; HUSBAND LATER DIED OF CANCER DISEASE. HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION WE DEC=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-10T04:22:56Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-10T04:22:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sseko019@go.com&gt; &lt;0HG900LRQ05YP9@mta07.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Mon, 9 Jun 2003 21:22:51 -0700 (PDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun 10 00:38:09 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sseko019@go.com&gt; &lt;0HG900LRQ05YP9@mta07.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Mon, 9 Jun 2003 21:22:51 -0700 (PDT) OF DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO (DRC) TO ABIDJAN, COTE D=92IVOIRE WHERE MY=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 IN CONCLUSION,  IF YOU WANT TO ASSIST US , MY SON SHALL PUT YOU IN THE PIC=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="maira ssesko" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt; HUSBAND LATER DIED OF CANCER DISEASE. HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION WE DEC=" />
<meta name="Author" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-263" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="maira ssesko &lt;sseko019@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;3026278.1055218976947.JavaMail.sseko019@gomailjtp05&gt; CONFIDENTIALITY,WHICH THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS, AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY =" />
<title>CRY FOR HELP</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR FRIEND, 
I AM MRS.  SESE-SEKO WIDOW OF LATE PRESIDENT MOBUTU 
SESE-SEKO OF ZAIRE? NOW KNOWN AS DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC 
OF CONGO (DRC).  I AM MOVED TO WRITE YOU THIS LETTER, 
THIS WAS IN CONFIDENCE  CONSIDERING MY PRESENT CIRCUMSTANCE AND SITUATION. I ESCAPED ALONG WITH MY HUSBAND AND TWO OF OUR SONS KENNEDY AND BASHER  OUT OF DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO (DRC) TO ABIDJAN, COTE D’IVOIRE WHERE MY FAMILY AND I SETTLED, WHILE WE LATER MOVED  TO SETTLED IN MORROCO WHERE MY HUSBAND LATER DIED OF CANCER DISEASE. HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION WE DECIDED TO CHANGED  MOST OF MY HUSBAND'S BILLIONS OF DOLLARS DEPOSITED IN SWISS BANK AND OTHER COUNTRIES INTO OTHER FORMS OF MONEY CODED FOR  SAFE PURPOSE BECAUSE THE NEW HEAD OF STATE OF (DR) MR LAURENT  KABILA HAS MADE ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SWISS GOVERNMENT AND OTHER EUROPEAN COUNTRIES TO FREEZE ALL MY LATE HUSBAND'S TREASURES  DEPOSITED IN SOME EUROPEAN COUNTRIES. HENCE MY CHILDREN AND I DECIDED LAYING LOW IN AFRICA TO STUDY THE SITUATION TILL  WHEN THINGS GETS BETTER, LIKE NOW THAT PRESIDENT KABILA IS DEAD AND THE SON TAKING OVER (JOSEPH KABILA). ONE OF MY LATE HUSBAND'S CHATEAUX IN SOUTHERN FRANCE WAS CONFISCATED  BY THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT, AND AS SUCH I HAD TO CHANGE MY IDENTITY  SO THAT MY INVESTMENT WILL NOT BE TRACED AND CONFISCATED. I HAVE DEPOSITED THE SUM OF EIHGTEEN MLLION UNITED STATE DOLLARS(US$18,000,000,00.)  WITH A SECURITY COMPANY , FOR SAFEKEEPING. THE  FUNDS ARE SECURITY CODED TO PREVENT THEM FROM KNOWING THE CONTENT. WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO IS TO INDICATE YOUR INTEREST THAT YOU WILL ASSIST US BY RECEIVING THE MONEY ON OUR BEHALF.ACKNOWLEDGE THIS MESSAGE, SO THAT I CAN INTRODUCE YOU TO MY SON (KENNEDY) WHO HAS THE OUT MODALITIES FOR THE CLAIM OF THE SAID FUNDS. I WANT YOU TO ASSIST IN INVESTING THIS MONEY, BUT I WILL NOT WANT MY IDENTITY REVEALED. I WILL ALSO WANT TO BUY PROPERTIES AND STOCK IN MULTI-NATIONAL COMPANIES AND TO ENGAGE IN OTHER SAFE AND 
NON-SPECULATIVEINVESTMENTS. MAY I AT THIS POINT EMPHASISE THE HIGH LEVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY,WHICH THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS, AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY THE TRUST AND CONFIDENCE, WHICH I REPOSE IN YOU.
 IN CONCLUSION,  IF YOU WANT TO ASSIST US , MY SON SHALL PUT YOU IN THE PICTURE  OF THE BUSINESS, TELL YOU WHERE THE FUNDS ARE CURRENTLY BEING  MAINTAINED AND ALSO DISCUSS OTHER MODALITIES INCLUDING REMUNERATION FOR YOUR SERVICES. 
FOR THIS REASON KINDLY FURNISH US YOUR CONTACT 
INFORMATION, THAT IS YOUR PERSONAL TELEPHONE AND FAX 
NUMBER FOR CONFIDENTIAL PURPOSE AND ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT OF THIS MAIL.
BEST REGARDS, 
MRS M. SESE SEKO
REPLY ME WITH THIS EMAIL ADDRESS(ssseko013@elvis.com)

___________________________________________________
GO.com Mail                                    
Get Your Free, Private E-mail at http://mail.go.com



</p>

</body></html>