<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="amiri_babo008@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;amiri babo&quot; &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="amiri babo &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="amiri_babo008@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-07T01:24:05Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="07 Jun 2006 01:24:08.0335 (UTC) FILETIME=[12CEC9F0:01C689D1]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[amiri_babo008@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;amiri babo&quot; &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="amiri babo &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;amiri babo&quot; &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="amiri babo &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-07T01:24:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-07T01:24:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="07 Jun 2006 01:24:08.0335 (UTC) FILETIME=[12CEC9F0:01C689D1]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="amiri_babo008@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun  6 21:24:16 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[amiri_babo008@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="amiri babo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;amiri babo&quot; &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="amiri babo &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2650" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="amiri babo &lt;amiri_babo008@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF.. DR AMIRI BABO
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
BANK  OF AFRICA(B.O.A)
OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO



Dear Friend,

I am the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department 
BANK
OF AFRICA .

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of U.S$25M US dollars 
(Twenty five Million  US dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our 
foreign customer who died along with his entire family in November 2002 in a 
plane crash.

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next if 
kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless 
somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as 
indicated in our banking guidlines and laws but unfortunately we learnt that 
all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the 
plane crash leaving
nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make this business 
proposal to you so that the money will be released  to you as the next of 
kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since 
nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after four years, the money will be transfered into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed bill. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this 
business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a 
Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

I  propose  that 30% of this money will be for you as my  foreign partner, 
in respect to the provision of a foreign account, 10% will be set aside for 
expenses incured during the business and 60% would be for me. Thereafter I 
will visit your country for disbursement according to the percentages 
indicated.

Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as arranged, 
you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased 
indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your  private telephone 
and fax number for easy and effective communication and  location wherein 
the money will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by e-mail a  text of the 
application which you'll fill in and send to the bank's email address.. I 
will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch-free 
and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required 
arrangements have been made for the transfer.

You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter for 
further clearifications.

Yours faithfully,
. DR AMIRI BABO

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : discutez en direct avec vos amis ! 
http://www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>