<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Pls Read From Branch manager,National Bank of Dubai" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-07T13:38:17Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/mixed; boundary=&quot;06a22670-b966-4bf4-a911-7bd49029f4d7&quot; " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="momoh2222@yahoo.co.uk " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="06a22670-b966-4bf4-a911-7bd49029f4d7" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="momoh2222@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Pls Read From Branch manager,National Bank of Dubai" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060607132406.959D5C07B@krusty.si.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-07T13:38:17Z" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/mixed; boundary=&quot;06a22670-b966-4bf4-a911-7bd49029f4d7&quot; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-07T13:38:17Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-below:http" content="//www.cbsnews.com/stories/1999/11/01/iran/main49778.shtml" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun  7 09:38:10 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060607132406.959D5C07B@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2656" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY &lt;momoh1111@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060607132406.959D5C07B@krusty.si.UM&gt; " />
<title>Pls Read From Branch manager,National Bank of Dubai</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Hello My Dear,

I got your contact through Internet searching and browsing and I want
to establish a business relationship with you.

I am Mr Momohh  Ngogbee, the Branch manager,National Bank of Dubai,Umm
Al Quwain Branch,DUBAI,(UNITED ARAB EMIRATES),married with four
children.

I am writing this letter to ask for your support and co-operation to
carry out this business opportunity in my department.

On June 6, 1999,an Oil consultant/contractor with Dubai Petroleum
Corporation, MR DAVID AMEERALY, made a numbered time(fixed)deposit for
twelve calendar months,Valued at US$16,500, 000.00 (sixteen Million
Five Hundred Thousand Dollars) in my branch. upon maturity I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.


After a month,we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers,the Dubai Petroleum Corporation that MR DAVID
AMEERALY, died in the plane crash On October 31,1999,(an Egyptian
Boeing767Flight 990) with other passengers on board as you can confirm
it yourself via the website
below:http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/1999/11/01/iran/main49778.shtml
On further investigation,I found out that he died without making a WILL
and attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless .

I therefore made further investigation and discovered that MR DAVID
AMEERALY,did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his
official documents,including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank.

This sum of US$16,500, 000.00 and the interest is being rolled over
with the principal sum at the end of each year.No one will ever come forward to claim it and according to UNITED ARAB EMIRATES LAW,at the expiration of(Ten) years,the money will revert to the ownership of the UNITED ARAB EMIRATES Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

My proposal is that I will like you to stand as the next of kin to MR
DAVID AMEERALY, so that the fruit of this old man labour will not get
into the hands of some corrupt Government officials.This is simple, I
will like you to provide immediately your full name and address so that
I can forward to you the contact of our bank Attorney for preparing the
necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the
next of kin.

Any bank account in any part of the world,which you will provide,will
then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the
beneficiary/next of kin.

The money will be paid into your account for us to share in ratio of
50% for me and 40% for you and 10 % will be set aside for expenses in
cured during the business.There is no risk at all.

The paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my
position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of
this transaction.If you are interested,please reply immediately and upon your responses,I shall provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall
require your assistance to invest my share in your country.

Please upon the receipt of this mail message,send to me the following
below to enable me start the processing of the transfer,

momoh3333@yahoo.co.uk

momoh4444@yahoo.co.uk

1.Your Full Name
2.Your House Address.
3.Your Phone Number and Fax,

Thank You And God Bless You.

Sincerely,
Mr Momohh  Ngogbee


</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>