<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="62.56.133.117" />
<meta name="subject" content="From: Dr. Frank Jomas. {Listin And Reply To Me Immediately}......" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-08T13:34:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drfrank8@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dr_frank_private@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dr_frank_private@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From: Dr. Frank Jomas. {Listin And Reply To Me Immediately}......" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-08T13:34:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 ONE HUNDRED &amp; TWENTY FIVE MILLION DOLLARS" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-08T13:34:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="none (mxus4: 212.216.176.206 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of virgilio.it) client-ip=212.216.176.206; envelope-from=drfrank8@virgilio.it; helo=vsmtp12.tin.it;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="none (mxus4: 212.216.176.206 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of virgilio.it) client-ip=212.216.176.206; envelope-from=drfrank8@virgilio.it; helo=vsmtp12.tin.it;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun  8 09:38:19 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt; ( RE: TRANSFER OF" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="dr frank" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="62.56.133.117" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2664" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="dr frank &lt;drfrank8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>From: Dr. Frank Jomas. {Listin And Reply To Me Immediately}......</title>
</head>
<body><p>Zulberg Closeoff 
Ernest Oppenheimer 
Road Bruma Lake, 
Johannesburg,
2196 
South Africa. 

DEAR SIR/MADAM, 

    ( RE: TRANSFER OF 
($125,000.000.00 USD) 
      ONE HUNDRED &amp; TWENTY FIVE MILLION DOLLARS 

I want to transfer ($125,000.000.00 USD) One Hundred &amp; Twenty five 
million United States Dollars  from a Prime Bank here in South Africa 
to an oversea account. First, I must solicit your strictest confidence 
in this ransaction. This is by virtue of it's nature as being utterly 
confidential. I am sure and have confidence of your ability and 
reliability to prosecute a transaction of this great magnitude. 

I 
solicit your assistance to enable us transfer the said amount into your 
safe  account for unward investment.You can either provide us with an 
existing account or to set up a new Bank account immediately to receive 
this money, even  an empty a/c can serve to receive this money, as long 
as you will remain honest to me till the end of this important business 
trusting in you and believing  that you will never let me down either 
now or in future. 

I am the personal account officer to the great late 
INDUSTRIALIST who has an account in one of the top banks here in South 
Africa. The account was opened in 1998 and he died in 2003 without a 
written or oral WILL and since 2003 nobody has operated on this account 
again hence the money is floating and if I do not remit this money out 
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. 

The owner of this account 
is a foreigner and no other person knows about this account or anything 
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and until his death 
he was the manager of the company.My investigation through the National 
immigration department proved to me as well that he was  single as at 
the time of his entry into the Republic of South Africa. The  amount in 
this account is USD$125 Million ( One Hundred &amp; Twenty five Million 
United States Dollars ) only. 


As a matter of fact, I have decided to 
transfer this fund abroad for  investment.  Your assistance as a 
foreigner is necessary because the management of the bank  will welcome 
any foreigner who has correct information to this account which I  will 
give to you immediately, if you are interested to do this business with 
me.There is no risk in this business. With my position  and my personal 
contact  with the manager of the bank, the money can be transferred to 
any account you  can provide with assurance that this money will be 
intact pending our physical  arrival in your country for sharing. 

We 
will start the first transfer with Twenty five million [$25,000.000]. 
Upon successful transfer without any disappointment  from your side, we 
shall re-apply for the  payment of the remaining  balance of $100 
Million to your account. I am only  contacting you as a foreigner 
because this money can not be approved to a local  person here,  but 
can only be pproved to any foreigner  who has the correct information 
of the account which I will provide for you. 

So you should provide me 
with your correct account detail where you will like the fund to be 
transferred or you can set up a new account for the transfer  even an 
empty account is ok. At the conclussion of the transfer you will take 
35%,5% will be for any expenses both parties incurred in the process of 
this business and the remaining 60% will be for me. As soon as I hear 
from you and upon your strong assurance that you will not let me down 
once the fund goes into your account I will then start the processing 
of the transfer of  the fund to your account without further delay. 

Contact me urgently via Private E-mail: {dr_frank_private@myway.com} or 
telephone phone: +874-763593730 
+870-763593730  for further details. 

You should send the a/c information as stated below.......together with 
your telephone nos. both Home, Office &amp; Cell phone for easier &amp; faster 
communication.

Bank Name...... Bank Address.....
Account Name....... 
Account Number.......
Routing Number......... State 
Country....................

Thanks. 
Yours Faithfully, 

Dr. Frank 
Jomas




</p>

</body></html>