<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="WE NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE PLEASE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU&quot; &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-09T10:58:38Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="rakiya_zubairu0202@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="rakiya_zubairu0202@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="WE NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE PLEASE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200606091055.k59AtKJH029724@godsend.mail.UM&gt; I am preparing to" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU&quot; &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU&quot; &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-09T10:58:38Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 as a family treasure=2C but it is truly cash while he boxed in it" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-09T10:58:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jun  9 06:55:22 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt; email rakiya=5Fzubairu0202=40yahoo=2Eca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200606091055.k59AtKJH029724@godsend.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU&quot; &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2668" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU &lt;rakiya_zubairu0101@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200606091055.k59AtKJH029724@godsend.mail.UM&gt; I am preparing to" />
<title>WE NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE PLEASE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:  HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU.
15 ARAFAT GRAND YOFF STREET,
United Nation Reserved Area
(UNRA) DAKAR SENEGAL.
 email rakiya_zubairu0202@yahoo.ca
(Assalam! )
Attn: ,
I know you will be surprised to read a letter from me but please
Consider this as a request from a family in dare need of assistance. I am the
wife of late Brigadier AL-Jubril Zubairu from Dafur Region, Sudan. My name
is Hajia Rakiya Zubairu Writing to you from Sudan.
My son got your contact information from a business directory in
Dakar Chamber of Commerce and Industry. And I on behalf of my late
husband and my only son, decided to solicit for your assistance to
transfer the sum of US$9 million dollars, from my late husband's trust
account  with a bank in Senegal, into your company or Private bank
account.
Before the death of my husband, he was a Brigadier in-charge of Arms
and ammunition procurement for the Darfur Liberation Front (D. L. F.). In
his will, he specifically drew my son's attention to the sum of US$9
million, which he had deposited, in the vault of a Bank in Dakar Senegal ,
 as a family treasure, but it is truly cash while he boxed in it
the bank as a family treasure due to security reasons.
In fact, he said and I quote ?°my beloved son, I wish to draw your
attention to the sum of US$9 million. I deposited the said fund in a
private account of a Bank in Dakar , Senegal; all the documents
regarding the fund are with your mother.
I was very dedicated and committed to wining the ongoing war against
the rebels until when I found out that some senior army officers and
government functionaries were busy helping themselves with government funds
and properties, sending them to foreign countries. Due to this, when I
and former special adviser to the President were assigned by the
President (Hassan al-Bashir) to purchase arms in South Africa, we saw this as
an opportunity to divert the money for our personal use.
When we divided the money, my share was US$9 million. I did this in
case of my absence due to death so that you, Abubakar your two sisters and
your mother wouldn't suffer. Take my advice my son; and please be
serious with your Studies, I will like you to please take care
of this money properly for your future and of your mother's and sisters
You should solicit for assistance of a reliable and sincere foreign
partner to assist you to transfer this money out of DAKAR for
investment. I deposited the money in your name and you alone with the
deposit code, for you to claim it. Your mother is with all the documents;
take good care of your mother and your two sisters. Do not disappoint
me! Good-bye.
&gt;From this word of my late husband, you will understand that the lives
and future of my family depend on this fund as such I will be grateful
if you can assist us. Now what I want you to do for us is to help us
clear this sum from the bank using your name which should be as the
foreign partner of my late husband.
 I am preparing to
travel to Senegal before the transaction continues, as the war is
worsening more and more.
We have agreed to give you 20% of the total sum for your assistance and
5% for the expenses that might be incurred in the course of the
Transfer and the remaining 75% for the family investment abroad, which you
will also assist us to materialize. Further information and Discussion
about this transaction will commence as soon as you give us the assurance
and
confidence that this money will be safe when transferred to your
account and, please treat this
matter with urgency. Note that this transaction is 100% free from risk
as our banker and lawyer have taking care of all the arrangements.

Thanks and May Allah Bless us.
Best Regards,
HAJIA RAKIYA ZUBAIRU.




</p>

</body></html>