<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Reply me with this alternative email address" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;martin&quot; &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="martin &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rev@mail.austria.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-13T07:03:53Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Reply me with this alternative email address" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-317258413@stalker1.tele.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-317258413@stalker1.tele.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;martin&quot; &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="martin &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;martin&quot; &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="martin &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-13T07:03:53Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-13T07:03:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun 13 03:04:09 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="martin" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;martin&quot; &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="martin &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2675" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="martin &lt;rev@mail.austria.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-317258413@stalker1.tele.net&gt;" />
<title>Reply me with this alternative email address</title>
</head>
<body><p>Reply me with this alternative email address
The corporate Head Office 
Standard Trust Bank PLC 
Plot 1662 Victoria Island,
Lagos, Nigeria
rev_martin_williams@yahoo.com.mx
revmartinwilliams@mails.at 
revmartinwilliams@pif.ca
Tel-234-802-369-6160

Attention.Sir,
I am Mr. Mathew Alfred, the Manager funds release with
Standard Trust Bank(plc), I am the accountant in charge of
Mr Moris Miller account whoused to work with a
Multi-National oil Firm in Nigeria. Here in aftershall be
referred to as my client On April 21, 2002, my client,his
wife, and their three children were involved in a car
accidentalong Sagamu express way. All occupants of the
vehicle unfortunatelylost their lives. Since then I have
made several inquiries to locateany of my clients extended
Relatives, this has also provedunsuccessful. After these
several unsuccessful attempts, I decided tocontact you to
assist in receiving the money left behind by myclient
before they Get confiscated or declared unserviceable by
thebank where this huge deposits were lodged, particularly
the StandardTrust Bank (plc) where the deceased had an
account valued at about ($12million u.s dollars) has
Issued me a notice to provide the next of kinor have the
account confiscated within the next Seven officialworking
days.Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the
relativesfor over 4 years now I seek your consent to
present you as the next ofkin of the deceased so that the
proceeds of this account valued at ($12million u.s
dollars) can be paid into your account and then you andme
Can share the money.60% to me and 40% to you . All I
require isyour honest co-operation to enable us see this
deal through.I guaranteethat this will be executed under a
legitimate arrangement that willprotect you from any
breach of the law and i hope the fund arrives youraccount
in latest 7 banking days from the date of the receipt of
thefollowing informations:
1. YOUR NAME:..
2. YOUR FULL ADDRESS:..
3. YOUR PHONE:..
4. FAX:..
5. AGE:..
6. SEX:..
7. YOUR OCCUPATION:..
and Telephoneand fax number for easy commncation. The
above informations will enableme apply for payment into
your account. Call me or Please get in touchwith me by my
email.
rev_martin_williams@yahoo.com.mx
revmartinwilliams@mails.at 
revmartinwilliams@pif.ca
Best regards.
Mr Mathew Alfred.




----------------------------------------------
Das ist ein Service von austria.com


</p>

</body></html>