<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ben&quot; &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ben &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-13T23:53:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="coroma@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-references" content="" />
<meta name="relation" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ben_coroma@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;56619.196.28.255.190.1150242798.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ben_coroma@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        Tue, 13 Jun 2006 23:53:18 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;56619.196.28.255.190.1150242798.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt; Ben Coroma  (Esq.)" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ben&quot; &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ben &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ben&quot; &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ben &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-13T23:53:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 (&quot;REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A   DOLLARS" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-13T23:53:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:References" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun 13 20:54:01 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt; Tue, 13 Jun 2006 23:53:18 -0000 (GMT) CONFIDENTIAL IS THECASE&quot;)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ben" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ben&quot; &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ben &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2680" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ben &lt;coroma@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;56619.196.28.255.190.1150242798.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt; Ben Coroma  (Esq.)" />
<title>TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From The Desk Of Ben Coroma Esq,
Senior Staff In FileDepartment,
African Development Bank A.D.B
OuagadougouBurkina-Faso West Africa.
Call me with this number (00226-78857597)
PLANE CRASH WEB SITE...http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

        ("REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A   DOLLARS
                            CONFIDENTIAL IS THECASE")

Compliment Of The Season,

On a very good day. I am (Ben Coroma  Esq),asenior staff in file
department in African developent bank (ADB).I gotyour contact from a
tourist from your country who was in this country and transacted a
business with our bank. When i was searching for aforeign partner i
assured of your capability and reliability to champion this businees
opportunity when i prayed to God or Allah about you.In my department we
discovered an abandoned sum of $ 15 million U.S.A dollars( fifteen million
U.S.A dollars) . In an account that belongs to one ofour foreign customer 
who died along with his entire family in Monday 31st July 2000 in a plane
crash. Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting
his next of kin to come over and claim hismoney because we can not release
it unless somebody applies for it asnext of kin or relation to the
deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines, but unfortunately we
learnt that all his supposed next ofkin or relation died along side with
him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that Iand one official in my
department now decided to make this businness proposal to you and release
the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety
and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don.t
want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill. The
Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money
remained unclamed after five years, the money will be transfered into the
Bank treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin
in this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner, and a Burkinabe cannot standas next of kin to a foreigner. We
agree that 30 % of this money will befor you as foreign partner, in
respect to the provision of a foreign account, 10 % will be set aside for
expenses incured during the business and 60 % would be for me and my woman
colleague. There after I and my colleague will visit your country for
disbursement according to the percentages indicated.

Therefore to enable the immediate trnansfer ofthis fund to you as
arranged, you must apply first to the bank asrelations or next of kin of
the deceased indicating your bank name, yourbank account number, your
private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and
location where the money will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or emailthe text of
the application I will not fail to bring to your notice that this
transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any  atom of
fear as all required arrangements have been made forthetransfer.

You should contact me on this email( (00226-7885 7597)immediately as soon
as you receive this letter. Trusting to hear fromyou immediately.

Your's faithfully,

 Ben Coroma  (Esq.)

POST SCRITUM:You have to keep everything secret as to enable the transfer
to move very smoothly in to the account you will prove to the bank.As you
finished reading this letter call me immediately so that we discuss very
well over this business.Please call me and inform me that you received my
mail, because i don't go to net always













</p>

</body></html>