<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[212.165.142.188] Lagos-Nigeria" />
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent response!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.zwallet.com/index.html?user=hammzaidiris" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO To avoid this negative development, my colleagues and I have decided to seek" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-13T01:54:48Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="hammzaidiris@yahoo.co.uk I am hamza idiris, the head of accounts department in the" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="hammzaidiris@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="hammzaidiris@yahoo.co.uk I am hamza idiris, the head of accounts department in the" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent response!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1055469288.927394.79429.zmail@web1.zwallet.com&gt; years ago.This man before his death was having a closing balance of $8.5m(eight million five hundred thousand dollars.)with our bank, UBN Plc." />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-13T01:54:48Z" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-13T01:54:48Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="hammzaidiris @yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;hammzaidiris@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="President/CEO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun 12 22:01:46 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;hammzaidiris@zwallet.com&gt; UBN. House Apapa." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;1055469288.927394.79429.zmail@web1.zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[212.165.142.188]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-268" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1055469288.927394.79429.zmail@web1.zwallet.com&gt; years ago.This man before his death was having a closing balance of $8.5m(eight million five hundred thousand dollars.)with our bank, UBN Plc." />
<title>Urgent response!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Union Bank of Nigeria. UBN. Plc.
           UBN. House Apapa.
           Lagos-Nigeria
E-mail: hammzaidiris @yahoo.co.uk

Attn: President/CEO

REQUEST FOR YOUR COOPERATION

      I am hamza idiris, the head of accounts department in the 
Union Bank of Nigeria (UBN Plc), Lagos. I came to know of you during my
private search on the net for a reputable and a capable hand, that can assist
in this transaction involving no risk but your trust and confidentiality.
     There was this Engineer, Engr. Kelvin Michael, an oil merchant/contractor
 with the Federal Govt. of Nigeria, who died in a fatal motor accident three
 years ago.This man before his death was having a closing balance of $8.5m(eight million five hundred thousand dollars.)with our bank, UBN Plc.
And our effort to get in touch with Mr Kelvin's family or his next of kin proved 
abortive. Now we have gotten a new Managing Director who is not aware 
of this money, and we the few management staff that are aware of the 
development doesn't want him to know, to avoid this money been declared
"Unclaimed" and subsequently be donated to a Charitable Organization.
    To avoid this negative development, my colleagues and I have decided to seek
your cooperation to have you stand as the next of kin to Late Engr. Kelvin Michael
so that the said fund (US$8.5m) would be released and paid into your account
overseas as the next of kin. All documents and proof that will enable you claim
this fund without stress will be forwarded to you. Moreso, I want to inform you 
that we have unanimously agreed to offer you 20% of the sum for the assistance
and role you are going to play in this transaction, 5% have also been arranged 
to take care of any eventual expenses.
    If this proposal interest you, and assure us that you will not take undue 
advantage of the trust we hope to bestow on you, please kindly reach me
through my e-mail address. 
Expecting a positive response from you, thanks and bye for now.

Regards,

HAMMZA IDIRIS.









______________________________________________________
Get Paid... With Your Free Email at
http://www.zwallet.com/index.html?user=hammzaidiris

</p>

</body></html>