<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="PRIVATE AND URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mohame kabiro20013&quot; &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mohame kabiro20013 &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.ideas.live.com/programpage.aspx?versionId=5d21c51a-b161-4314-9b0e-4911fb2b2e6d" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-17T01:37:01Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mohamekabiro@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F14B332D2FE1EE8EA6764B892800@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mohamekabiro@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PRIVATE AND URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="17 Jun 2006 01:37:05.0311 (UTC) FILETIME=[8A0D6AF0:01C691AE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Fri, 16 Jun 2006 18:37:05 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F14B332D2FE1EE8EA6764B892800@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mohame kabiro20013&quot; &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mohame kabiro20013 &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mohame kabiro20013&quot; &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mohame kabiro20013 &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-17T01:37:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-17T01:37:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="HELPER." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="17 Jun 2006 01:37:05.0311 (UTC) FILETIME=[8A0D6AF0:01C691AE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jun 16 21:37:19 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt; Fri, 16 Jun 2006 18:37:05 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mohame kabiro20013" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mohame kabiro20013&quot; &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mohame kabiro20013 &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2700" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mohame kabiro20013 &lt;mohamekabiro20014@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F14B332D2FE1EE8EA6764B892800@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>PRIVATE AND URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN: HELPER.

(STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL)
FROM THE DESK OF ( MR. MOHAME KABIRO)
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT /FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B)OUAGADOUGOU -BF
REQUEST FOR THE URGENT TRANSFER OF THE SUM (US$10.5million) ONLY INTO YOUR 
ACCOUNT.

You may be surprise to receive this message from me since you don't know me 
in person, but for the purpose of introduction., I got your impressive 
information through an international business equiry .

But I respectfully insist you read crefully as I am optimistic it will open 
doors for unimaginable financial reward for both us.
This business transaction might not fall within the wide spectrum of your 
business activities ,but I plead your assistance ,as your flair for 
profitable business is needed .

Permit me to introduce myself. I am MR. MOHAME KABIRO. the Manager of 
auditing and accounting unit at the foreign remittance department of AFRICAN 
DEVELOPMENT BANK . In My department I discovered an abandoned sum of$ 10.5m 
US dollars . In an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who 
died along with his entire family in november 2002 in a plane crash.

Since I got information about his death, I have been expecting his next of 
kin to come over and claim his money because wecannot release it unless 
somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased 
anindicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately I learnt that all 
his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside
with him at the planecrash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I and other officials in my 
department now decided to make businness proposal to you and release the 
money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for
safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and I don?t 
want this money to go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.

The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclamed after five years, the money will be transfered into the Bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned bythe 
fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next 
of kin to a foreigner.
I agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as foreign partner, 
inrespect to the provision of a foreign account, 10 %will be set aside for 
expenses incured during the business and 60 % would be for me . There after 
I will visit your country with my family for disbursement according to the 
percentages indicated.

Therefore to enable the immediate trnansfer of this fund to you as arranged, 
you must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of the deceased 
indicating your bank name, your bank account number,
your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication 
and location where in the money will be remitted .

On your acceptance, I will send to the text of application by fax or by 
email which you are going to apply to the bank ; and provide materials 
confirmation references and inquiries regarding payment formalities from the 
payment Agency. I willbe handling official
protocols here and expect you to undertake international responsibilities as 
I am assuring you of a risk free transaction provided you display maturity.

Therefore, if you are willing and interested to render
the needed assistance, endeavor to reply through my
email address .

Thanking you in anticipation of your kind considerations.

Yours sincerely.

MR. MOHAME KABIRO.
TEL 00226 76 61 65 94

_________________________________________________________________
Windows Live Messenger : venez tester la version bêta ! 
http://www.ideas.live.com/programpage.aspx?versionId=5d21c51a-b161-4314-9b0e-4911fb2b2e6d



</p>

</body></html>