<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Rrrrr YOUR URGENT RESPONSE IS NEEDED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Jennifer Leary&quot; &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jennifer Leary &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="oooxxx25@aim.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-20T18:44:27Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;Rrrrr&quot; &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="Rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="MboxParser-de" content="Sgt. Jennifer Leary" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Jennifer Leary&quot; &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----_PartID_916468795163211" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Rrrrr YOUR URGENT RESPONSE IS NEEDED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;Jennifer Leary&quot; &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;53707762.20060620204427@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;em&gt;de" content="Sgt. Jennifer Leary&lt;BR&gt;A quien pueda interesar.&lt;BR&gt;Soy soldado " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Organization" content="Jennifer Leary" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=3d&quot;mailto" content="jenniferleary25@aim.com&quot;&gt;&lt;EM&gt;jenniferleary25@aim.com&lt;/EM&gt;&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=3d&quot;mailto" content="jenniferleary25@aim.com&quot;&gt;&lt;EM&gt;jenniferleary25@aim.com&lt;/EM&gt;&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=3d&quot;mailto" content="jenniferleary25@aim.com&quot;&gt;&lt;EM&gt;jenniferleary25@aim.com&lt;/EM&gt;&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;53707762.20060620204427@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Jennifer Leary&quot; &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Jennifer Leary &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Jennifer Leary&quot; &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jennifer Leary &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-20T18:44:27Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-20T18:44:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun 20 14:44:41 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt; FROM: Sgt. Jennifer Leary" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Jennifer Leary" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Jennifer Leary&quot; &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Jennifer Leary &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2717" />
<meta name="MboxParser-organization" content="Jennifer Leary" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Jennifer Leary &lt;oooxxx25@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;53707762.20060620204427@aim.com&gt;" />
<title>Rrrrr YOUR URGENT RESPONSE IS NEEDED</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>
  FROM: Sgt. Jennifer Leary
To whom it
may concern.
I am an American soldier, I am serving in the military of the
1st 
Armored Division in Iraq, as you know we are being attacked by

insurgents everyday and car bombs. 
We managed to move funds belonging to
Saddam Hussein's family. The 
total amount is US$7.2Million dollars in cash,
mostly 100 dollar bills. 
We want to move this money to you, so that you may
invest it for us and 
keep our share for banking.We will take 60%, my partner
and I. You take 
the other 40%. No strings attached, just help us move it out
of Iraq, 
Iraq is a war zone. We plan on using diplomatic courier and
shipping 
the money out in one large silver box, using diplomatic immunity.
If you 
are interested I will send you the full details, my job is to find a

good partner that we can trust and that will assist us. Can I trust you?

When you receive this letter, kindly send me an e-mail signifying your

interest including your most confidential telephone/fax numbers for

quick communication also your contact details. This business is risk free.

The box can be shipped out in 48hrs.
Respectfully,
Sgt. Jennifer
Leary
Private Email: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:jenniferleary25@aim.com">jenniferleary25@aim.com</a></p>


<p> </p>


<p>                                 
</p>


<p>
SPANISH
LANGUAGE                                  
</p>


<p>
DE: Sgt. Jennifer Leary
A quien pueda interesar.
Soy soldado
americano, Estoy desempen'ando servicios en los militares del Primero División
armada en Iraq, como usted sabe cerca nos están atacando 
insurrectos diarios
y bombas de coche. 
Manejamos mover los fondos que pertenecían a la familia
de Saddam Hussein. 
la cantidad total es dólares de US$7.2Million en
efectivo, sobre todo 100 cuentas de dólar. 
Deseamos mover este dinero a
usted, de modo que usted pueda invertirlo para nosotros y guarde nuestra parte
para las actividades bancarias.Tomaremos el 60%, mi socio y yo. Usted toma el
otro 40%. Ningunas secuencias unidas, justo ayúdenos a moverlo de Iraq, Iraq es
una zona de la guerra. Planeamos en usar el mensajero diplomático y enviar el
dinero hacia fuera en una caja de plata grande, usar inmunidad diplomática. Si
usted soy interesado le enviaré los detalles completos, mi trabajo está al
hallazgo a buen socio a que podemos confiar en y que nos asistirá. ¿Puedo
confiarle en? 
Cuando usted recibe esta letra, amablemente envíeme significar
del E-mail su 
interés incluyendo su teléfono más confidencial números de fax
para 
comunicación rápida también sus detalles del contacto. Este negocio es
riesgo libremente. 
La caja se puede enviar hacia fuera en
48hrs.
Respetuosamente,
Sgt. Jennifer Leary
Email Privado: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:jenniferleary25@aim.com">jenniferleary25@aim.com</a></p>


<p> </p>


<p> </p>


<p>FRENCH LANGUAGE</p>


<p>
DE : Sgt. Jennifer Leary
À qui de droit.
Je suis un soldat
américain, Je sers dans les militaires du 1er 
Division blindée en Irak,
comme vous savez nous sommes attaqués près 
insurgés journaliers et bombes de
voiture. 
Nous sommes parvenus à déplacer des fonds appartenant à la famille
de Saddam Hussein. 
le montant total est des dollars d'USS7.2Million
comptant, la plupart du temps 100 billets d'un dollar. 
Nous voulons déplacer
cet argent à vous, de sorte que vous puissiez l'investir pour nous et gardez
notre part pour des opérations bancaires.Nous prendrons 60%, mon associé et I.
Vous prenez l'autre 40%. Aucunes cordes jointes, juste aidez-nous à le déplacer
hors de l'Irak, 
L'Irak est une zone de guerre. Nous projetons sur employer
le courier diplomatique et l'expédition l'argent dehors dans une grande boîte
argentée, employer l'immunité diplomatique. Si vous suis intéressé je vous
enverrai les détails complets, mon travail est à la trouvaille a bon associé au
lequel nous pouvons faire confiance et qui nous aidera. Est-ce que je peux vous
faire confiance ? 
Quand vous recevez cette lettre, nous vous saurions gré de
m'envoyer signifier de E-mail votre intérêt comprenant votre téléphone plus
confidentielnuméros de fax pour communication rapide aussi vos détails de
contact. Ces affaires sont risque librement. 
La boîte peut être embarquée
dehors dans 48hrs.
Avec respect,
Sgt. Jennifer Leary
Email Privé :
<a shape="rect" href="mailto:jenniferleary25@aim.com">jenniferleary25@aim.com</a></p>


<p> </p>


</body></html>