<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.89.176.36" />
<meta name="subject" content="Institutional Fund Services" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-21T14:11:59Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="m_graeme15@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="m4470g@walla.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="m4470g@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Institutional Fund Services" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-21T14:11:59Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-21T14:11:59Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun 21 10:13:59 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="McCallum Graeme" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.89.176.36" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2722" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="McCallum Graeme &lt;m_graeme15@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>Institutional Fund Services</title>
</head>
<body><p>I am Mr. Mccallum Graeme, Institutional Fund Services, Middle East and 
Africa,HSBC Bank PLC, London International Branch, On resumption of 
duties after the Christmas and New year celebration i discovered that 
one of my bank customer,Mr. JOSHUA WANG ,an Indonesia by birth , a 
consultant/contractor with the military relief Group, a charity 
organization ato the United Nation( UN), was one of the victims of the 
TSUNAMI disaster in the Asia World, he has being a private resident 
here in London for 3 years, made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit, 
valued at BPS6,500,000.00 (Six Million, Five Hundred Thousand Great 
British Pounds Sterling) for twelve calendar months in my Branch. 

As 
representative with contacts in the Middle East/Africa,upon the tsunami 
disaster in his home country of Indonesia, in which he was on a private 
visit to see his sick old parents, i have made personal contacts to his 
resident here in London and through some foreign mission in Indonesia, 
and has discovered that he and his entire family perished in the said 
natural disaster in his local community in Indonesia. On further 
investigation, it also discovered that he died without making a WILL 
(En-testate) and all attempts to trace his next 
of kin was fruitless, 
it was discovered in the Late Mr. JOSHUA WANG bank papers that the only 
persons stated as his entitled next of kin is his only wife, who also 
died with him in the disaster,so presently their is no persons to 
declare as the next of kin to the said fund and as it stand now , No 
person will ever come forward to claim it. As the bank papers/documents 
have only his late wife name, since they have no child before their 
sudden death. 

In accordance with the Banking Federal Laws and 
constitution, the money will revert to the ownership of the Government 
if nobody applies as the next of Kin to claim the funds within certain 
period.Consequently, I shall present you as a foreign partner to stand 
in as the next of kin to late Mr.JOSHUA WANG so that you and I can 
benefit from the fruits of this old man's labor and also donate certain 
portion of the fund to all victims of the Tsunami disasters through 
humanitarian Organization. Be informed that i have in my 
capacity/position carefully moved this fund into the Vault of a 
Security and Finance Company here in London that have Branches all over 
Europe/America where this fund can be claim. 

Upon acceptance of this 
proposal, We shall employ the services of a solicitor for the drafting 
of the LAST WILL &amp; TESTAMENT of Late Mr.Joshua Wang and to obtain all 
other relevant papers in your name for the necessary documentation for 
payment approval in my bank headquarters in your favor.
I guarantee 
that this will be executed under legitimate arrangement that will 
protect you from any breach of the law as I will use my position as the 
senior Bank's personnel in the Institutional fund services, Middle East 
and Africa, HSBC BANK PLC, to secure pprovals and guarantee the 
successful execution of this transaction. Please be informed that your 
utmost confidentiality is required. 
If this interests you, please 
reply me immediately and please include your private phone number for 
voice contact and fax number so that I can provide you with more 
details and relevant documents that will help you understand the 
transaction better. 
Awaiting your urgent reply through my only private 
email: 
mgraeme@wanadoo.es or m4470g@netscape.net 
Thanks, 
Best 
regards, 
McCallum Graeme




</p>

</body></html>