<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I am Jerome Williams Lewis Esq. a solicitor.. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jerome Williams Lewis Esq." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Jerome Lewis &lt;jeromelewis@74.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jeromelewis@74.ru" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-23T17:21:11Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1251" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jeromelewis@74.ru williamsruphuseq@jmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jeromelewis@74.ru" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jeromelewis@74.ru williamsruphuseq@jmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I am Jerome Williams Lewis Esq. a solicitor.. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1FtpLD-0007Nn-3C@mail.surbis.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Jerome Williams Lewis Esq." />
<meta name="creator" content="Jerome Lewis &lt;jeromelewis@74.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1251" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jerome Williams Lewis Esq." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Jerome Lewis &lt;jeromelewis@74.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-23T17:21:11Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1251" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 or" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-23T17:21:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;webuser@mail.surbis.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="74.ru" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jun 23 14:30:23 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;webuser@mail.surbis.ru&gt; williamsjruphus@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1FtpLD-0007Nn-3C@mail.surbis.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&lt;webuser@mail.surbis.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Jerome Lewis" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&lt;webuser@mail.surbis.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Jerome Williams Lewis Esq." />
<meta name="Author" content="Jerome Lewis &lt;jeromelewis@74.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="74.ru" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2732" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Jerome Lewis &lt;jeromelewis@74.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1FtpLD-0007Nn-3C@mail.surbis.ru&gt;" />
<title>I am Jerome Williams Lewis Esq. a solicitor.. </title>
</head>
<body><p>
From:  Jerome Williams Lewis Esq.

The inspiration to contact you is simply divine
providence,I am making this proposition because I have to seek the
partnership of a resource person to help me realise this project.

I am Jerome Williams Lewis Esq. a solicitor and investment
consultant based in london, United Kindom. I was attending a business
luncheon in Berlin,Germany and I got introduced to the renowned 
German
businessman and property mogul, Mr Andreas Schranner(of the blessed
memory).


He engaged my services as attorney and investment
consultant and my primary assignment was to spearhead his investment
forays in the United Kingdom.three months later I invited him to 
London
and under my professional guidance and based on my advice he made a
fixed deposit of 30,000,000,00EUR at with security companies in 
Germany
and Netherlands.


This deposit was for 12months and upon maturity I
made effort to contact my client, I could not reach him or any member
of his family. I was forced to travel to germany and there I got the
tragic news that on July 25TH, 2000, my client Mr Andreas Schranner,
his wife maria, their daughter eich and husband christian and their 
two
children perished in the Air France concorde New York bound flight;
please click here:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

I have made effort to locate any member of his family
with strong biological links to my late client without
success.
The search to find a close relation is one that has
consumed time and resources.The institution is asking me to either
present a next of kin to late Andreas Schranner or forfiet the
depsosit. My proposal is to you as next of kin to late Andreas
Schranner and process the deposit and collect the deposits for our
mutual benefit.

My capacity as solicitor/investment consultant to my
late client gives me the discretion to package and transfer the 
deposit
to you.

I will give you 30% for your effort, 60% for me and
10% for Charity and Tsunami Victims. It will amount to
injustice if i do not take this decisive step to secure this deposit,
and invest it The late Schranner was also a friend in addition to our
business relationship.


I will wait for your reaction and response and then
together we can jumpstart this project and nurture it to reality.

Please, make sure you respond through this my confidential email
address:

    williamsjruphus@katamail.com

                     or

    williamsruphuseq@jmail.co.za



Your swift response is anticipated.

Yours faithfully

Jerome Williams Lewis Esq.









</p>

</body></html>