<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="aisha_fami26@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL DOCUMENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs.Suha Aisha Arafat" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Sahu Aisha Arafat &lt;aisha_fami26@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3479937.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3995769.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aisha_fami26@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-26T17:14:27Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aisha_fami26@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aisha_fami26@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="aisha_fami26@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL DOCUMENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="26 Jun 2006 17:14:32.0121 (UTC) FILETIME=[FD7B4290:01C69943]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[aisha_fami26@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs.Suha Aisha Arafat" />
<meta name="creator" content="Sahu Aisha Arafat &lt;aisha_fami26@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs.Suha Aisha Arafat" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Sahu Aisha Arafat &lt;aisha_fami26@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-26T17:14:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-26T17:14:27Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-[mailto" content="suhaarafat@easyinfomail.co.za]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aisha_fami26@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="26 Jun 2006 17:14:32.0121 (UTC) FILETIME=[FD7B4290:01C69943]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="aisha_fami26@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 26 13:14:34 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[aisha_fami26@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aisha_fami26@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Sahu Aisha Arafat" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs.Suha Aisha Arafat" />
<meta name="Author" content="Sahu Aisha Arafat &lt;aisha_fami26@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2744" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Sahu Aisha Arafat &lt;aisha_fami26@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL DOCUMENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mrs.Suha Aisha Arafat
[mailto:suhaarafat@easyinfomail.co.za]

Greetings from Palestine,

I am sorry to disturb your peace as I konw you are not expecting to hear 
from some one like me. You will be compelled to help me once you have heard 
what I have to say to you.

I am Mrs. SUHA ARAFAT, the wife of YASSER ARAFAT, the Palestinian leader who 
died recently in Paris.

You must have heard over the media reports and the Internet on the discovery 
of some fund in my husband secret bank accounts and companies and the 
allegations of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in my name of 
which I have refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt Palestine 
Government.

In fact, the total sum allegedly discovered by the Government so far is 
about $6.5 Billion Dollars.
Please visit the BBC news broadcast below for better understanding of what I 
am talking about;

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3479937.stm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3995769.stm

I have deposited the sum of 32 million dollars with a private security firm 
abroad whose name is withheld for now until we open communication the reason 
why I deposited this.32 million dollars to a security company was because 
every transfer that goes into my bank account has being monitored by the 
government.

I shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account 
for safekeeping and any Investment opportunity.

This arrangement is known to you and my personal Attorney. He might be 
dealing with you directly for security reasons as the case may be.

In addition, please note that there will be no risky of any kind from your 
part as every arrangement for smoothly transfer has being made by my legal 
adviser.

If you are willing to assist me, we will have to negotiate on your 
Percentage share of the $32,000,000 that will be kept in your position for a 
while and invested in your name pending when my Daughter, Zahra, will come 
off age and take full responsibility of her Family Estate/inheritance.

Please note that this is an excellent opportunity that comes once in 
lifetime and more so, if you are honest, I am going to entrust more funds in 
your care as this is one of the legacy we keep for our children.

In case you do not accept, please do not let me out to the security and 
international media as I am giving you this information in total trust and 
confidence I will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good 
faith.

Please expedite action and all response to my e-mail address below.

Yours sincerely,

Mrs. Suha Aisha Arafat
Email. suhaarafat@easyinfomail.co.za

_________________________________________________________________
Discover the magic of RSS feeds at MSN South Africa! http://za.msn.com/



</p>

</body></html>