<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="193.220.26.35" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr.kenny paul" />
<meta name="MboxParser-residence" content="" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-27T01:16:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kennypaul8@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="k_paul004@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="k_paul004@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr.kenny paul" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-27T01:16:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-27T01:16:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-age" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-telephone" content="+44-704-012-4656" />
<meta name="MboxParser-telephone" content="+44-704-012-4656" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 26 21:19:07 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="kenny paul" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="193.220.26.35" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2747" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kenny paul &lt;kennypaul8@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>From Mr.kenny paul</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mr.kenny paul
TELEPHONE:+44-704-012-4656
FAX NUMBER:+44-8717205745
We
are Diplomatic Corp that holds special and valuable consignments
for 
reputable clients that are honest and trustworthy.We work in
collaboration with top firms all over the world as we have earned a
name as a service whose hallmarks in reliability and confidentiality
are revered. International missions, Diplomats, Embassies of the world
have used our services to satisfaction.


A benefactor has mandated me
to get someone that can assist her and her family in retrieving her
package containing some amountof money from a Diplomatic Corp in
Europe.

The benefactor and her children have been confined only
totheir country home and all their calls and movements aremonitored, as
a result,its absoultely impossible for them to do anything asregards
retrieving the money.

Their only means of communication is via
internet and youare being contacted because yourassistance is needed in
claiming the funds on their behalf.

The amount was accrued 
fromDiamond 
sales
over a period of six years and its USD75M (Seventy 
Five
Million U.
S.Dollars). These funds are fully free of any liens, or
encumbrances 
and are clean, clear and has no criminal origin.
Thefunds 
have nothing 
to do with any form of illegality and all
documentations 
needed to 
prove the source of the funds were submitted
when the funds 
were being 
deposited and these documents would prove 
the
source of the 
funds and 
authenticate the fact that the
funds are 
clean and has no 
links 
whatsoever with either drugs orterrorism. For 
your
assistance in 
this 
transaction,the benefactor and her Children 
have
agreed to give 
you 30% 
of the total amount of money which is 
equivalent
to US$22.5 
Million 
(Twenty Two Million,Five Hundred 
Thousand United States 
Dollars) and
this role simply entails 
retrieving the funds on their 
behalf from the 
Diplomats in Europe 
and 
all the information
needed to 
claim the funds 
would be sentto 
you as 
soon as you indicate your 
interest in assisting
them as well 
as 
providing the following 
information to facilitate the 
smooth 
conclusion of the transaction.
1) 
Your Full Name:

_________________________
2) Your
Address:
_______________________________
3) Your Telephone Number:

________________________
4) Your Fax Number:
__________________________
5) Your Mobile Number:
_____________________________
6) The Name of the
Residence:
_____________________
7) Your
Age:
_____________________________________
8)Your

Country__________________
Iawait your response Urgently.
Mr.kenny
paul
TELEPHONE:+44-704-012-4656
FAX NUMBER:+44-8717205745
****PRIVATE
&amp; CONFIDENTIAL*****
This e-mail
and any attached files are confidential
and may be legally
privileged.
If you are not the addressee, any
disclosure, reproduction,
copying,
distribution, or other dissemination
or use of this
communication is
strictly prohibited

Mr.kenny paul




</p>

</body></html>