<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[196.207.196.129] I have before me list of funds=2C which could not be transferred to some nominated" />
<meta name="subject" content="RE:YOUR PENDING PAYMENTS!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Rev. Fr. David Clark&quot; &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt; The said payment is been arranged in a security-proof box weighing 75kg=2E In order" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Rev. Fr. David Clark &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-user" content="[tr4M4gyAmZ] As I found out that you have almost met all the statutory requirements in respect" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rev.davclk2@un.org" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-27T13:08:07Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M Today a friend of mine who is a diplomat disclosed to me that there is a security" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M Today a friend of mine who is a diplomat disclosed to me that there is a security" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="rev.davclk2@katamail.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;tr4M4gyAmZ$196.207.196.129$.44a12db5.d026f.1e0d.325@carbon.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="rev.davclk2@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="RE:YOUR PENDING PAYMENTS!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;tr4M4gyAmZ$196.207.196.129$.44a12db5.d026f.1e0d.325@carbon.onspeed.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Rev. Fr. David Clark&quot; &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt; The said payment is been arranged in a security-proof box weighing 75kg=2E In order" />
<meta name="creator" content="Rev. Fr. David Clark &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Rev. Fr. David Clark&quot; &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt; The said payment is been arranged in a security-proof box weighing 75kg=2E In order" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Rev. Fr. David Clark &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-27T13:08:07Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 I am Rev=2E Fr=2E David Clark=2C a senior staff with the UN special duties office=2Cmy" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-27T13:08:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-User" content="[tr4M4gyAmZ]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun 27 09:08:23 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt; Dear Friend=2E" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Rev. Fr. David Clark" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Rev. Fr. David Clark&quot; &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt; The said payment is been arranged in a security-proof box weighing 75kg=2E In order" />
<meta name="Author" content="Rev. Fr. David Clark &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[196.207.196.129]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2750" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Rev. Fr. David Clark &lt;rev.davclk2@un.org&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;tr4M4gyAmZ$196.207.196.129$.44a12db5.d026f.1e0d.325@carbon.onspeed.com&gt; " />
<title>RE:YOUR PENDING PAYMENTS!</title>
</head>
<body><p>
FROM: OFFICE OF REVD.FR David CLARK DIRECTOR SPECIAL
DUTIES,UNITED NATIONS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND WORLD BANK SPECIAL
DUTIES,OFFICE DAKAR,SENEGAL. TEL:+221-448-8469
EMAIL: rev.davclk2@katamail.com

 Dear Friend.

 I am Rev. Fr. David Clark, a senior staff with the UN special duties office,my

office monitors and controls the affairs of all banks and financial institutions.
 I have before me list of funds, which could not be transferred to some nominated

accounts as these accounts have been identified either as ghost accounts, unclaimed

deposits and over-invoiced sum etc; I have the opportunity to write you based on

the instructions among others i received days ago from the officer in the computer

section in person of Engineer Peter Cliff,to bring out part of your total pending

payment with reference number(LM-05-371) amounting US$10 million.The (Ten Million

Dollars) is been arranged in a security-proof box weighing 75kg. In order to get

the box shipped to you.
 As I found out that you have almost met all the statutory requirements in respect

of your pending payment. The problems you are having is that of interest groups. A

lot of people are interested in your payment and those people are merely doing

paper works with you and that explains why you receive different kinds of untrue

fax and phone messages from different people everyday. Also we found out that some

of the officials of the parastatals have been extorting a lot of money from you

with the pretext of helping you receive your money. I can assure you this will keep

happening if you do not do away with those officers. For security reasons you do

not have to tell anybody that your have your payment on the way until the payment

gets to you.

 The said payment is been arranged in a security-proof box weighing 75kg. In order

to get this box shipped to you,the(CSO)and i Yesterday went to this four courier

companies Dhl, Ems, FedEx and Ups to make arrangements on how to get the box

shipped to you by courier, but to no avail the above courier companies all made us

to understand that they will have to open the box for inspection by the customs

before shipment. This is something we want to avoid because this box is been padded

with synthetic nylon and to open it you will have to cut the pad before you will

meet the button that you will press to open the dial code-lock. There is no way you

can open the box and be able to close it again because it was padded with machine.

We told the courier services that the box contained film materials and when open

will spoil the materials. &lt;N:B&gt; we did not declare money because courier does not

carry money.

 Today a friend of mine who is a diplomat disclosed to me that there is a security

courier service company that is specialized in sending diplomatic materials and

information from one country to another, which also has diplomatic immunity and

consignment such as this cannot be checked by any customs anywhere in the world. I

have therefore met the official of the security courier service and concluded

shipping arrangement with them, which they will commence as soon as I have your go

ahead order. The diplomat who will be bringing in this consignment to you is an

expert and has been in this line of work for many years now so we have Notting to

worry about. After all arrangements we have concluded that you must donate Five

Hundred Thousand United States dollars (US$500,000.00) to any charity organisation

I designate as soon as you receive your money. To this effect, you will send to us

a promissory note for the donation along with your address where you will like the

box to be delivered to by the courier. Please maintain topmost secrecy as it may

cause a lot of problems if found out that we are using this way to help you. You

are advised not to inform anyone about this until you received your money. Am

helping you on this because something in me is tells me that you are an honest

person. When you conclude this and you send fufill the agreement, we will help to

ship the final part of your money to you.
 May God be with you as i await your response. Feel free to call me if you will

like us to discuses more.
Yours Faithfully,
Revd. Fr. David Clark.
Director, Special Duties.UN/WBF.
TEL:+221-448-8469




</p>

</body></html>