<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM: MR. KOFI MENSAH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. KOFI MENSAH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp&amp;#12288@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp&amp;#12288@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-2022-jp" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp&amp;#12288@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-2022-jp" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM: MR. KOFI MENSAH" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. KOFI MENSAH" />
<meta name="creator" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. KOFI MENSAH" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-2022-jp" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun 28 14:26:25 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. KOFI MENSAH" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. KOFI MENSAH" />
<meta name="Author" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2758" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kenneth_baafi1@excite.co.jp" />
<title>FROM: MR. KOFI MENSAH</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR. KOFI MENSAH
INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK
TEMA ACCRA GHANA

Dear friend,

My name is Mr. Kenneth Baafi, I am the regional manager of the International Commercial Bank Tema Accra Ghana I got your information during my search through the Internet. I am 44 years of age and married with three lovely kids. It may interest you to hear that I am a man of PEACE and don't want problem, I only hope we can assist each other. If you don't want this business offer kindly forget it, as I will not contact you again.

I have packaged a financial transaction that will benefit both of us, as the regional manager of the International Commercial Bank it is my duty to send in a financial report to my head office in the capital city Accra at the end of each year. On the course of the last year 2005 end of year report, I discovered that my branch in which I am the manager made Three Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars [US$3,500.000.00] which my head office are not aware of and will never be aware of. I have since place this fund on what we call SUSPENSE ACCOUNT without any beneficiary.

As an officer of the bank I can not be directly connected to this money, so this informed my contacting you for us to work so that you can assist receive this money into you bank account for us to SHARE.

While you will have 30% of the total fund. Note there are practically no risk involved, it will be bank to bank transfer, all I need from you is to stand claim as the original depositor of this fund who made the deposit with our branch so that my Head office can order the transfer to your designated bank account. If you accept this offer to work with me, I will appreciate it very much. As soon as I receive your response I will details you on how we can achieve it successfully.

Best regards,
Mr. Kenneth Baafi



</p>

</body></html>