<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.68.254.145" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM ELINA BOLETI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="elinaboleti2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-28T19:47:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="elinaboleti2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+31-847-239-075." />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="For easy reference and " />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM ELINA BOLETI" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="elinaboleti2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="elinaboleti2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-28T19:47:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-28T19:47:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-telephone" content="+31-617-598-346" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun 28 15:54:03 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&lt;elinaboleti2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="elinaboleti2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.68.254.145" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2759" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="elinaboleti2@virgilio.it" />
<title>FROM ELINA BOLETI</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM ELINA BOLETI
INTERNATIONAL PROMOTIONS/PRIZE AWARD DEPARTMENT

RESULTS FOR CATEGORY "A" DRAWS
Congratulations to you as we bring to 
your notice, the results of the Second Category draws of THE ACCULOTTO 
PROMO INT. We are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner 
under the First Category, which is part of our promotional draws. The 
draws were being officially announced on the 24th of June, 2006. 
Participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 
2,500,000 email addresses of individuals and companies from Africa, 
America, Asia, Australia,Europe, Middle East and Oceania as part of our 
International Promotions Program.

Your e- mail address, attached to 
winnining numbers 16,18,29,33,37,42,35 consequently won in the First 
Category. You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of 
1,000,000 (One Million Euros), which is the winning payout for Category 
A winners.This is from a total cash prize of 10,000,000.00 Million 
Euros shared amongst the first Ten (10) lucky winners in category.

CONGRATULATIONS!
Your fund is now deposited with the paying Bank.In 
your best interest to aviod mix up of numbers and names of any kind, we 
request that you keep the entire details of your award 
strictly from 
public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been 
completed, and your funds remitted to your account.This is part of our 
security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by 
participants/nonparticipants of this program.
Please contact your 
claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your 
prize money to a designated bank account of your choice:
You are 
advised to contact the agents by email,phone or fax.Failure to do so 
may warrant disqualification.

NOTE: For easy reference and 
identification, remember to quote your winning numbers in your 
correspondence with your claims agent.

To file for your claim, please 
contact the fiduciary agent with your winning numbers,tel/fax numbers 
and full names.
***********************************************
MR. 
GEORGE ALAN . 
AMSTERDAM,THE NETHERLANDS. 
TELEPHONE:+31-617-598-346
FAX: +31-847-239-075.
REPLY EMAIL: g.alan@fiberia.com
***********************************************
All winnings must be 
notarized to complete the claim process; winners will be referred to a 
Foreign Transfer Manager,to have their winnings notarized.

Congratulations once again from all our staff.

Sincerely Yours,
ELINA 
BOLETI.
THE PROMOTION COORDINATOR.


</p>

</body></html>