<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLS ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//mail.yahoo.com " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO My mother died when I was a baby and since then my " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="lindawillis555@yahoo.ca Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="lindawillis555@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="lindawillis555@yahoo.ca Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1245069563-1151547181=:5586" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060629021301.6559.qmail@web37007.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLS ASSIST ME" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit  Please do signify your interest to assist me, as i will be forwarding you the contacts of the concern BANK IN EUROPE once i hear from you." />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit He also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates. Thanks and God bless." />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060629021301.6559.qmail@web37007.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; Attn: Dearest Beloveth One, (2) To serve as a guardian of this fund since I am &lt;hr size=1&gt;Now you can have a huge leap forward in email:&lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt; get the new Yahoo! Mail.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#32;__________________________________________________&lt;br&gt;Do You Yahoo!?&lt;br&gt;Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around &lt;br&gt;http://mail.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1245069563-1151547181=" content="5586 Before the death of my father on SEPT 2003 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has the sum of Eight million ,United State Dollars. USD ($ 8.000) which he Lodged with one of the prime bank in EUROPE,that he used my name as his only daughter for the next of Kin in depositing  the fund. You can contact me through this Email:" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1245069563-1151547181=" content="5586" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1245069563-1151547181=" content="5586--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=ZsPVA8+qUGX12YApSBPfuHzi2PYLMyzsEJuTD9YoIcTBi/STFCPpiuvwNC2ckSb4uWXyR18ongYkogZQva7EPxoM7msiTGN3eE5eWgri/dp6VDeBEAAhipMPVHFxCPj19YeVOYmOZeGf3Y3oD+S/KPZmT483XpSKu2Nf3iykOKQ=  ;   assist me, as i will be forwarding you the contacts of the concern BANK IN EUROPE once i hear from you. &lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Anticipating to hear from you soon.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;You can contact me through this Email:&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;A href=&quot;mailto:Address:nelson85ci2@yahoo.fr&quot;&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;LINDAWILLIS555@YAHOO.CA&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Thanks and God bless.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Best regards,&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;LINDA WILLIAMS.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="none (mxus7: 209.191.85.92 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of yahoo.ca) client-ip=209.191.85.92; envelope-from=lindawillis555@yahoo.ca; helo=web37007.mail.mud.yahoo.com; From LINDA WILLIAMS. That I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where I will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management since the depositing cerficate is here with me in abidjan. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lindawillis555@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="none (mxus7: 209.191.85.92 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of yahoo.ca) client-ip=209.191.85.92; envelope-from=lindawillis555@yahoo.ca; helo=web37007.mail.mud.yahoo.com;  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=ZsPVA8+qUGX12YApSBPfuHzi2PYLMyzsEJuTD9YoIcTBi/STFCPpiuvwNC2ckSb4uWXyR18ongYkogZQva7EPxoM7msiTGN3eE5eWgri/dp6VDeBEAAhipMPVHFxCPj19YeVOYmOZeGf3Y3oD+S/KPZmT483XpSKu2Nf3iykOKQ=  ;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun 28 22:13:10 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lindawillis555@yahoo.ca&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Email: LINDAWILLIS555@YAHOO.CA (1) To provide a bank account into which this fund I was a baby and since then my&lt;BR&gt;father took me so special. &lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Before the death of my father on SEPT 2003 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has the sum of Eight million ,United State Dollars. USD ($ 8.000) which he Lodged with one of the prime bank in EUROPE,that he used my name as his only daughter for the next of Kin in depositing&amp;nbsp; the fund.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;He also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates. &lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;That I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where I will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management since the depositing cerficate is here with me in abidjan.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;&amp;nbsp;I am honourably seeking your assistance in" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0  " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2760" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060629021301.6559.qmail@web37007.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; Attn: Dearest Beloveth One, (2) To serve as a guardian of this fund since I am &lt;hr size=1&gt;Now you can have a huge leap forward in email:&lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt; get the new Yahoo! Mail.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#32;__________________________________________________&lt;br&gt;Do You Yahoo!?&lt;br&gt;Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around &lt;br&gt;http://mail.yahoo.com" />
<title>PLS ASSIST ME</title>
</head>
<body>    From LINDA WILLIAMS.
15 bp1562 abidjan 15.
Cote D'Ivoire.
 Email: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:LINDAWILLIS555@YAHOO.CA">LINDAWILLIS555@YAHOO.CA</a>
   
  Attn: Dearest Beloveth One,

   
  Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into
business relationship with you,There is an imformation I would like you to keep very confidential. 
   
  My name is LINDA WILLIAMS,The only daughter of late Mr.and Mrs. FidelixWILLIAMS my father was a very wealthy Gold &amp; cocoa merchant in Abidjan , the economic capital of Ivory coast, my father was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outings on a business trip.
   
  My mother died when
 I was a baby and since then my
father took me so special. 
   
  Before the death of my father on SEPT 2003 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has the sum of Eight million ,United State Dollars. USD ($ 8.000) which he Lodged with one of the prime bank in EUROPE,that he used my name as his only daughter for the next of Kin in depositing  the fund.
   
  He also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates. 
   
  That I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where I will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management since the depositing cerficate is here with me in abidjan.
   I am honourably seeking your assistance in
 the
following ways:
   
  (1) To provide a bank account into which this fund
would be transferred to.
   
  (2) To serve as a guardian of this fund since I am
only 22years.
   
  (3) To make arrangement for me to come over to your
country to further my Education and to secure a
resident permit in your country.
   
  Moreover,  I am willing to offer you a good percentage from the total sum as compensation for your effort/input after the successful transfer   of this fund into your nominated account overseas.
   
  Furthermore, you will indicate your option towards assisting me as I believe that this transaction would be concluded within fourteen working days(14 days you
  Please do signify your interest to
 assist me, as i will be forwarding you the contacts of the concern BANK IN EUROPE once i hear from you. 
   
  Anticipating to hear from you soon.
   
  You can contact me through this Email:

  <a shape="rect" href="mailto:Address:nelson85ci2@yahoo.fr">LINDAWILLIS555@YAHOO.CA</a>
  Thanks and God bless.
  Best regards,
   
  LINDA WILLIAMS.

<p> 
		</p>


Now you can have a huge leap forward in email:<a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca"> get the new Yahoo! Mail.</a> <p> __________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com </p>

</body></html>