<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[196.207.205.125]" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM REVD.FR THOMAS DOUGLAS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;THOMAS DOUGLAS&quot; &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="THOMAS DOUGLAS &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-user" content="[tr5kr1Wb8y]" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="revdoglas@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-06-29T12:52:56Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="revddouglas@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;tr5kr1Wb8y$196.207.205.125$.44a3e94e.3b33a.1779.5028@potassium.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="revddouglas@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM REVD.FR THOMAS DOUGLAS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;tr5kr1Wb8y$196.207.205.125$.44a3e94e.3b33a.1779.5028@potassium.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;THOMAS DOUGLAS&quot; &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="THOMAS DOUGLAS &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;THOMAS DOUGLAS&quot; &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="THOMAS DOUGLAS &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-06-29T12:52:56Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-06-29T12:52:56Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-User" content="[tr5kr1Wb8y]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun 29 10:53:06 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="THOMAS DOUGLAS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;THOMAS DOUGLAS&quot; &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="THOMAS DOUGLAS &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[196.207.205.125]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2763" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="THOMAS DOUGLAS &lt;revdoglas@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;tr5kr1Wb8y$196.207.205.125$.44a3e94e.3b33a.1779.5028@potassium.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<title>FROM REVD.FR THOMAS DOUGLAS</title>
</head>
<body><p>OFFICE OF REVD.FR THOMAS DOUGLAS
DIRECTOR SPECIAL DUTIES, UNITED NATIONS ORGANISATION
IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND
WORLD BANK FACT-FINDING &amp; SPECIAL DUTIES OFFICE
DAKAR, SENEGAL.
TEL: +221 4183317
Email:Revduglas@yahoo.fr
Dear Friend.
I am Revd. Fr. Thomas Douglas, a senior staff with the World Bank fact finding &amp;
special duties office.
I am writing you this letter based on the fact that cool penny
is better than millions of dollars means it's better for one to live and die poor
honest man than a rich dishonest one.
I and the Chief security officer (CSO) of this organisation have arranged with an
officer in the computer section the person of Engineer Peter Cliff to bring out part
of your total pending payment with reference number (LM-05-371) amounting to US$10
million. Why we did this is because according to information gathered from the bank’s
security computer, you have been waiting for a long time to receive this payment
without success.
As I found out that you have almost met all the statutory
requirements in respect of your pending payment. The problems you are having is that
of interest groups.
A lot of people are interested in your payment and those people
are merely doing paper works with you and that explains why you receive different
kinds of untrue fax and phone messages from different people everyday. Also we found
out that some of the officials of the parastatals have been extorting a lot of money
from you with the pretext of helping you receive your money. I can assure you this
will keep happening if you do not do away with those officers. For security reasons
you do not have to tell anybody that your have your payment on the way until the
payment gets to you.
The said payment is been arranged in a security-proof box weighing 75kg. In order to
get this box shipped to you I and the (CSO) Yesterday went to this four courier
companies Dhl, Ems, FedEx and Ups to make arrangements on how to get the box shipped
to you by courier, but to no avail the above courier companies all made us to
understand that they will have to open the box for inspection by the customs before
shipment.
This is something we want to avoid because this box is been padded with
synthetic nylon and to open it you will have to cut the pad before you will meet the
button that you will press to open the dial code-lock. There is no way you can open
the box and be able to close it again because it was padded with machine. We told the
courier services that the box contained film materials and when open will spoil the
materials. we did not declare money because courier does not carry money.
Today a friend of mine who is a diplomat disclosed to me that there is a security
courier service company that is specialised in sending diplomatic materials and
information from one country to another, which also has diplomatic immunity and
consignment such as this cannot be checked by any customs anywhere in the world. I
have therefore met the official of the security courier service and concluded shipping
arrangement with them, which they will commence as soon as I have your go ahead order.
The diplomat who will be bring in this consignment to you is an expert and has been in
this line of work for many years now so we have Notting to worry about. After all
arrangements we have concluded that you must donate Five Hundred Thousand United
States dollars (US$500,000.00) to any charity organisation I designate as soon as you
receive your money. To this effect, you will send to us a promissory note for the
donation along with your address where you will like the box to be delivered to by the
courier. Please maintain topmost secrecy as it may cause a lot of problems if found
out that we are using this way to help you.
You are advised not to inform anyone about this until you received your money.
Am helping you on this because something in me is tells me that you are an honest person.
When you conclude this and you send our promise, we will help to ship the final part of your money to you.
May God be with you as i wait for your response Feel free to call me if you will like us to discuses more on this TEL: +221 4183317.
Yours Faithfully
Revd. Fr. Thomas Douglas
Director, Special Duties. UNO/WBF




</p>

</body></html>