<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="62.50.80.2" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dearest in Christ, pls treat with a honest mind" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.washingtonpost." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-04T15:14:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="benejones707@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="evangelistbenejones@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;14450470.1152026097473.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps02&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="evangelistbenejones@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dearest in Christ, pls treat with a honest mind" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;14450470.1152026097473.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps02&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-04T15:14:57Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-04T15:14:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jul  4 11:17:50 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Bene Jones" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="62.50.80.2" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2782" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Bene Jones &lt;benejones707@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;14450470.1152026097473.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps02&gt;" />
<title>Dearest in Christ, pls treat with a honest mind</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearest in Christ, pls treat with a honest mind
Calvary greeting to you and your family. My name is Mrs bene jones, a
scottish, but I am married to Mr jones who is the Managing Director of
Shell Petro-Chemical Company, before he died in the plane crash of Oct 
23, 2005 with Bellview Airlines twin-engine Boeing 737] with other 
passengers aboard all 117 passage died, as you can confirm it yourself 
through this website http://edition.cnn.
com/2005/WORLD/africa/10/23/nigeria.plane/
http://www.washingtonpost.
com/wpdyn/content/article/2005/10/23/AR2005102300368.html  We were 
married for eleven years without a child. Before the death we were both 
born again Christians. When my late husband was alive we deposited the 
sum of USD$16.5Million (Sixteen Million Five hundred thosand U.S. 
Dollars) with one of good bank here in Nigeria. Presently, this money 
is still with Union Bank of Nigeria.
Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three 
months due to cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my 
stroke. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to 
church or better still Christian individual that will utilize this 
money the way I am going to instruct here in.
I want a church that will use this fund to churches, orphanages, 
Research centres and widows propagating the word of God and to ensured 
that the house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to understand 
that blessed is the hand that griveth.
I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit 
this money and my husband relatives are not Christians and I don;t want 
my family hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers.I don't want a 
situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner. Hence the 
reason for taking this bold decision. I am not afraid of death hence I 
know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the 
Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall 
hold my peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this regard 
because of my health because of the presence of my family relatives 
around me always. I don't want them to know about this development.With 
God all things are possible.  As soon as I receive your reply. Ishall 
give you the contact information of the bank and whom to contact.
I will also need to get a reliable attorney to assist you as the new
beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the church to always pray for 
me because the lord is my shepherd. My happiness is that I lived a life 
of a worthy Christian.Whoever that wants to serve the Lord must serve 
him in spirit and truth. Please always be prayerful all through your 
life. Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a 
Christian individual for this same purpose.
Please assure me that you will act Accordingly as I stated here.
Expecting to hearing from you, reply back to my alternative email for 
security purpose.

evangelistbenejones@yahoo.com.hk 
Remain blessed in the name of the Lord.
Yours in Christ,
Sister bene jones


</p>

</body></html>