<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="urgent" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//uk.docs.yahoo.com/nowyoucan.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="prince_danladi2@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="prince_danladi2@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="prince_danladi2@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-possible" content="private_danladi@yahoo.com.au" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060705125518.51802.qmail@web27907.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=z16PKkVSDWKS7IVJ0pYoJxHlkFJARnLY1vcWgqfjPiVgz0CiQNqDfXVB2BBeuSaufbL/rmOfAoj9dHh5X1F5Tqk6jlC3l8P305nnv+ra6fQLxv9fkE3KpruU0fkH3/dmelC9tysTHYiFNsEzBEL4P83CptbxwYM42VKPle3FgHU=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060705125518.51802.qmail@web27907.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=z16PKkVSDWKS7IVJ0pYoJxHlkFJARnLY1vcWgqfjPiVgz0CiQNqDfXVB2BBeuSaufbL/rmOfAoj9dHh5X1F5Tqk6jlC3l8P305nnv+ra6fQLxv9fkE3KpruU0fkH3/dmelC9tysTHYiFNsEzBEL4P83CptbxwYM42VKPle3FgHU=  ; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;prince_danladi2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul  5 08:55:35 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;prince_danladi2@yahoo.co.uk&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Sir," />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2785" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060705125518.51802.qmail@web27907.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>urgent</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn:

 Sir,

I am Prince Danladi A. Kabila Jr, Cousin to the late
president of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC)
formerly known as Zaire, who was assassinated in
January 2001 by his bodyguard. I came across your
contact via a missionary that visited our asylum Camp,
but I did not disclose the nature of this transaction
to her because of the secrecy involved.

Accordingly, I will like to inform you that this is
note a bragging because it will look too cheap and
surprised to you from the way I have contacting you to
assist me in making this transaction a success.  

Due to the war raged in our Republic, the late
President, Laurent Kabila was using me, through
diplomatic means, to send money out of the Republic
because of the fear that a coup de tat may take place
at any time.

I did this on two consecutive occasions, on the third
trip, myself and some aides decided to divert the
delivery, which amounted to US$30Million (Thirty
Million United states Dollars).

I am presently in exile, because of exactly what
happened to my late cousin, former President Laurent
Desire Kabila, May his soul rest in peace.

I have since deposited the money into a Security
Company in one of the European Country that will be
disclosed to you upon your acceptance to assist me,
but the real content of the deposited box containing
this fund was not disclosed to them for Security
reason.

Due to shortcomings and restrictions prevailing in
here regarding refugee policy, I came up with the idea
of foreign investment for the fund, with the
possibility of a joint stock venture with a foreign
partner, outside the continent of Africa.

My main aim and objective of contacting you is to ask
for your assistance in retrieve the said fund from the
private firm where it was deposited and transfer it
into your private or company&amp;#8217;s account in your
country.

There is no risk involved, as this is confidential. I
have decided to let you have 25% of the total amount
of the fund, 5% is for expenses that will be incurred
during the transaction, and the remaining 70% of the
fund is for myself, which I would like to invest in
your country.

If you can be trusted and interested, please contact
me on the below e-mail as soon as
possible:private_danladi@yahoo.com.au

On the receipt of your acceptance mail, I shall give
you more clarification on the modalities needed for
the successful completion of this transaction.

Best regards,

Prince Danladi A. Kabila Jr.



		
___________________________________________________________ 
Like being first? Check out the all-new Yahoo! Mail today.
http://uk.docs.yahoo.com/nowyoucan.html


</p>

</body></html>