<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Investment Idea" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Lon Morton&quot; &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Lon Morton &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tkwdd@dunn-carney.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-05T12:48:40Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sijwang@UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="sijwang@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="sijwang@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Lon Morton&quot; &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;45264974.20060705124840@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;Lon Morton&quot; &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Investment Idea" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;45264974.20060705124840@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Lon Morton&quot; &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Lon Morton &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Lon Morton&quot; &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Lon Morton &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-05T12:48:40Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-05T12:48:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul  5 08:48:58 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Lon Morton" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Lon Morton&quot; &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Lon Morton &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2787" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Lon Morton &lt;tkwdd@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;45264974.20060705124840@dunn-carney.com&gt;" />
<title>Investment Idea</title>
</head>
<body><p>This is a Brand New Compnay Never Marketed Before.
We have seen these types move 4.00 in the first day of marketing.
We Expect the 6th to be unbelieveable.

THIS IS A SOLID COMPANY.

PETROSUN DRILLING (PSUD)
Current Price: 1.30
Up .05 Friday without any marketing!

Current News

PetroSun Announces Formation of Algae BioFuels

PetroSun Drilling Inc. (PSUD - News), an emerging provider of oilfield 
services to major and independent producers of oil and natural gas, 
announced today that the company has formed Algae BioFuels Inc. as a 
wholly owned subsidiary. Algae BioFuels will be engaged in the research and 
development of algae cultivation as an energy source in the production 
of biodiesel, an economically feasible and eco-friendly alternative to 
petroleum-based transportation fuels. The R&amp;D and production facilities 
for Algae BioFuels will be based in Arizona and Australia.

"PetroSun's formation of Algae BioFuels is a forward-looking strategy," 
said L. Rayfield Wright, president of PetroSun. "The 0pp0rtunity to 
produce a renewable energy product that will assist in providing a 
healthier planet for future generations cannot be ignored."

Biofuel is any fuel that is derived from biomass -- which contains 
recently living organisms or their metabolic byproducts. Biofuel is a 
renewable energy source, unlike other natural resources such as petroleum, 
coal and nuclear fuels. Agricultural products specifically grown for use 
as biofuels include corn and soybeans.

Extensive research is currently being conducted to determine the 
utilization of microalgae as an energy source, with applications being 
developed for biodiesel, ethanol, methanol, methane and even hydrogen. 
Independent studies have demonstrated that algae is capable of producing 30 
times more oil per acre than the current crops now utilized for the 
production of biofuels. Algae biofuel contains no sulfur, is non-toxic and 
highly biodegradable.

The Office of Fuels Development, a division of the Department of 
Energy, funded a program from 1978 through 1996 under the National Renewable 
Energy Laboratory known as the "Aquatic Species Program." The focus of 
this program was to investigate high-oil algae that could be grown 
specifically for the purpose of wide-scale biodiesel production. Some 
species of algae are ideally suited to biodiesel production due to their 
high oil content, in excess of 50%, and extremely rapid growth rates.

One of the biggest advantages of biodiesel, compared to many other 
alternative transportation fuels, is that it can be used in existing diesel 
engines, which relieves automotive manufacturers of having to make 
costly engine modifications. Biodiesel can also be mixed, at any ratio, 
with conventional petroleum diesel. As a result, the alternative fuel can 
be used in the current distribution infrastructure, replacing petroleum 
diesel either wholly, or as a diesel fuel blend with minimal 
integration costs.

About PetroSun

PetroSun's current operations are concentrated in the Ark-La-Tex region 
with plans to expand into New Mexico, Arizona, Utah and Australia in 
2006. PetroSun provides a comprehensive array of products and services to 
the oil industry. The company's cutting-edge technologies, combined 
with a proven ability to apply them effectively and safely within a 
disciplined ROI framework, creates long-term value for PetroSun shareholders 
and partners. PetroSun is headquartered in Phoenix.



</p>

</body></html>