<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="213.185.106.218" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL MATTERS(GET BACK TO ME)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-name" content="........................" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-08T18:08:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="robertpollol@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="robertpollol_10@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="robertpollol_10@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL MATTERS(GET BACK TO ME)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-08T18:08:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-08T18:08:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jul  8 14:26:34 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ROBERT POLLOL" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="213.185.106.218" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2806" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ROBERT POLLOL &lt;robertpollol@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL MATTERS(GET BACK TO ME)</title>
</head>
<body><p>Backley Bank
London W6 0NB
Zenith House 
Road London NW9 6EE 

(26,000,000.00 USD twenty six million United States
Dollars) 
**********************************************************
***********
I am Robert  pollol i have a deal of inheritance.I want to transfer 
(26,000,000.00 USD) twenty six million United States Dollars from a 
Prime Bank here in London to an oversea account. First, I must solicit 
your strictest confidence in this transaction. This is by virtue of 
it's nature as being utterly confidential. I am sure and have 
confidence of your ability and reliability to prosecute a transaction 
of this great magnitude.

I solicit your assistance to enable us 
transfer the said amount into your safe account for unward investment.
You can either provide us with an existing account or to set up a new 
Bank account immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can 
serve to receive this money, as long as you will remain honest to me 
till the end of this important business trusting in you and believing 
that you will never let me down either now or in future.

I am the 
personal account officer to the great late INDUSTRIALIST who has an 
account in one of the top banks here in london. The account was opened 
in 1993 and he died in 1993 without a written or oral WILL and since 
2003 nobody has operated on this account again hence the money is 
floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be 
forfeited for nothing.

The owner of this account is a foreigner and no 
other person knows about this account or anything concerning it, the 
account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the manager 
of the company.My investigation through the National immigration 
department proved to me as well that he was single as at the time of 
his entry into the Republic of South Africa. The amount in this account 
is USD$26 Million (Twenty Six Million United States Dollars ) only. 

As a matter of fact, I have decided to transfer this fund abroad for 
investment. Your assistance as a foreigner is necessary because the 
management of the bank will welcome any foreigner who has correct 
information to this account which I will give to you immediately, if 
you are interested to do this business with me.There is no risk in this 
business. With my position and my personal contact with the manager of 
the bank, the money can be transferred to any account you can provide 
with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical 
arrival in your country for sharing.
We will start the first transfer 
with Six million [$6,000.000] to testrun your account. Upon successful 
transfer without any disappointment from your side, we shall re-apply 
for the payment of the remaining balance of $26 Million to your 
account. I am only  contacting you as a foreigner because this money 
can not be approved to a local person here, but can only be pproved to 
any foreigner who has the correct nformation of the account which I 
will provide for you. 

So you should provide me with your correct 
account details where you will like the fund to be transferred or you 
can set up a new account for the transfer even an empty account is 
okay. At the conclussion of the transfer you will take 35%,5% will be 
for any expenses both parties incurred in the process of this business 
and the remaining 60% will be for me. As soon as I hear from you and 
upon your strong assurance that you will not let me down once the fund 
goes into your account I will then start the processing of the transfer 
of the fund to your account without further delay. 
Contact me urgently 
via email for further details. 
full name.................
sate/country.................
account number...................
bank 
name:........................
bank address:.....................
Your 
Tel phone.........................
Fax............... ..............
Thanks. 
Yours Faithfully, 
Robert pollol



</p>

</body></html>