<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="195.239.158.54" />
<meta name="subject" content="READ MY MESSAGE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-09T14:41:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="hansonmills2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="hansonmills@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="hansonmills@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="READ MY MESSAGE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-09T14:41:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-09T14:41:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jul  9 10:53:45 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="HANSON MILLS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="195.239.158.54" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2807" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="HANSON MILLS &lt;hansonmills2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>READ MY MESSAGE</title>
</head>
<body><p>READ MY MESSAGE


I know that this mail will come to you as a surprise, 
I am HANSON MILLS,the manager, 
bill and exchange department, HSBC BANK 
Rye Lane Branch London UK

In my department we discovered an abandoned 
sum of 800,000.00 POUNDS 
(EIGHT Hundred Thousand POUNDS) in an account 
belonging to 
one of our foreign customers(ROBERT  GANDESBERY,), who 
died 
along with his entire family on Monday, 31 July, 2000 in a plane 
crash in 
Paris. Please visit this site for the story line

http://news.
bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

Since we got information about 
his death, we have been expecting his 
next of kin/relations  to come 
over and claim his money because we 
cannot release it unless some body 
applies for it as next of kin or 
relation to the deceased as indicated 
in our banking guidelines and laws, but 
unfortunately we learnt that 
all his supposed next of kin or relation 
died alongside with him at 
the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the 
claim. 

It is upon this 
discovery that I now decided to make this 
business proposal to you, 
and for you to act as the next of kin to enable us 
release the money 
to you. The banking law and guideline here stipulates 
that if such 
money remained unclaimed after Six years, the money will 
be 
transferred into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund.


We have agreed 
that 30% of this money will be for you for all the 
assistance and 
commitment you will put in to the transaction 10% will be set 
aside 
for all expenses incurred during the business and 50% would be 
for me. 
Please note that as soon as the transaction is completed I shall 
proceed immediately to your country for disbursement and possible 
investment possibilities.


Please note also that upon receipt of your 
reply, I shall let you know the 
processes we shall take to realize 
these dreams. I will not fail to 
bring to your notice that this 
transaction is hitch-free and that you 
should not entertain any atom 
of fear as all required arrangements have been 
made for proper 
execution of the transaction.

Trusting  to hear from you immediately.

Thanks

Hanson Mills







</p>

</body></html>