<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I EXPECT TO HEAR TO FROM U SOONEST." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO operation. This will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="Michael.G.Hinchey@nasa.gov  that will protect you from any &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;breach of the law, now and thereafter. Also, details about this business and statement of &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;account of my client will be sent to you as a proof of trust as soon as I hear from you &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;stating your wish/ interested in helping me. &lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;However, this venture will establish a verbal telephone communication to each other and this &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;will bring you into a much better picture of the deal.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;PLEASE REPLY ME THROUGH MY SECURED EMAIL ADDRESS: &lt;A href=&quot;mailto:SMITHPRIVATECEAR@YAHOO.CO.UK&quot;&gt;SMITHPRIVATECEAR@YAHOO.CO.UK&lt;/A&gt;-:&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;I wait to hear from you. &lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;Yours, &lt;BR&gt;Mr. Alex Smith.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;  &lt;HR SIZE=1&gt;  Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. &lt;A href=&quot;http://pa.yahoo.com/*http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=36035/*http://music.yahoo.com/unlimited/&quot;&gt;Try it free.&lt;/A&gt; &lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;&amp;#32;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="Michael.G.Hinchey@nasa.gov" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1306088357-1152459742=" content="66172 account of my client will be sent to you as a proof of trust as soon as I hear from you" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1306088357-1152459742=" content="66172" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1306088357-1152459742=" content="66172--" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;breach of the law, now and thereafter. Also, details about this business and statement of &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;account of my client will be sent to you as a proof of trust as soon as I hear from you &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;stating your wish/ interested in helping me. &lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;However, this venture will establish a verbal telephone communication to each other and this &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;will bring you into a much better picture of the deal.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;PLEASE REPLY ME THROUGH MY SECURED EMAIL ADDRESS: &lt;A href=&quot;mailto:SMITHPRIVATECEAR@YAHOO.CO.UK&quot;&gt;SMITHPRIVATECEAR@YAHOO.CO.UK&lt;/A&gt;-:&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;I wait to hear from you. &lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;Yours, &lt;BR&gt;Mr. Alex Smith.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;  &lt;HR SIZE=1&gt;  Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. &lt;A href=&quot;http://pa.yahoo.com/*http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=36035/*http://music.yahoo.com/unlimited/&quot;&gt;Try it free.&lt;/A&gt; &lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1306088357-1152459742=:66172" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060709154222.68598.qmail@web35712.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I EXPECT TO HEAR TO FROM U SOONEST." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=zhzoVjDGMxehpWouSxpeBD+khu4kVEXRS/JAMdNn85tPpUJPh9MGeJo+LSEcU8yefkANVq4Al+MeMg81FUnOXn5Fo5jXPZILMbukJrWyd9gwNSjy13WzuCPdliE490ANHrpMeMdTgkW8ySZ5ngwccxQQEaCwwMJB9Wk9h8C52xg=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit enable me use part of my own share to carry out my wife kidney transplanting surgery" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit " />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060709154222.68598.qmail@web35712.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; way; http://www.cnn.com/health/9809/03/dr.mann.profile  I was his personal accountant while I Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free." />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=zhzoVjDGMxehpWouSxpeBD+khu4kVEXRS/JAMdNn85tPpUJPh9MGeJo+LSEcU8yefkANVq4Al+MeMg81FUnOXn5Fo5jXPZILMbukJrWyd9gwNSjy13WzuCPdliE490ANHrpMeMdTgkW8ySZ5ngwccxQQEaCwwMJB9Wk9h8C52xg=  ; family in Swissair crash in 1998? The CNN webpage below will tell you more about my client any " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jul  9 11:42:35 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 client so that BARCLAYS BANK will pay you the sum of US$30 million into any bank account you &lt;hr size=1&gt;Sneak preview the &lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40762/*http://www.yahoo.com/preview&quot;&gt; all-new Yahoo.com&lt;/a&gt;. It's not radically different. Just radically better." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2809" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060709154222.68598.qmail@web35712.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; way; http://www.cnn.com/health/9809/03/dr.mann.profile  I was his personal accountant while I Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free." />
<title>I EXPECT TO HEAR TO FROM U SOONEST.</title>
</head>
<body>Compliment dear, 
 
Do you know late Dr. Jonathan Mann once a human right activist on HIV/AIDS who died with his 
  family in Swissair crash in 1998? The CNN webpage below will tell you more about my client any 
  way; <a shape="rect" href="http://www.cnn.com/health/9809/03/dr.mann.profile">http://www.cnn.com/health/9809/03/dr.mann.profile</a>  I was his personal accountant while I 
  was working with Barclays bank Plc here in London, United Kingdom. 
 
My proposal is to seek your aid in partnership to present you as the next-of-kin of my late 
  client so that BARCLAYS BANK will pay you the sum of US$30 million into any bank account you 
  are going to provide. Then we will share the amount on a mutual agreed fifty/ fifty percent to 
  enable me use part of my own share to carry out my wife kidney transplanting surgery 
  operation. This will be executed under a legitimate arrangement
 that will protect you from any 
  breach of the law, now and thereafter. Also, details about this business and statement of 
  account of my client will be sent to you as a proof of trust as soon as I hear from you 
  stating your wish/ interested in helping me. 
 
However, this venture will establish a verbal telephone communication to each other and this 
  will bring you into a much better picture of the deal.
  PLEASE REPLY ME THROUGH MY SECURED EMAIL ADDRESS: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:SMITHPRIVATECEAR@YAHOO.CO.UK">SMITHPRIVATECEAR@YAHOO.CO.UK</a>-:
 
I wait to hear from you. 
 
Yours, 
Mr. Alex Smith.
    
  Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. <a shape="rect" href="http://pa.yahoo.com/*http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=36035/*http://music.yahoo.com/unlimited/">Try it free.</a> 
<p> 
	
		</p>


Sneak preview the <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40762/*http://www.yahoo.com/preview"> all-new Yahoo.com</a>. It's not radically different. Just radically better. 
</body></html>