<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.250.36.2" />
<meta name="subject" content="MR ROLAND CONTACTING YOU" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-10T18:39:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="roland_nulget21@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mail2nulget@mybox.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mail2nulget@mybox.it" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MR ROLAND CONTACTING YOU" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-10T18:39:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-10T18:39:52Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jul 10 14:43:12 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Roland Nulget" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.250.36.2" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2818" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Roland Nulget &lt;roland_nulget21@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>MR ROLAND CONTACTING YOU</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mr.Roland Nulget
Po box 3038, 57
Victoria street,
London SW1H,
London

Attention Please, 

I feel obliged writing this mail to you. I 
am not quite exposed to foreign business and friends hence i write to 
you with hope and trust that you will welcome my mail without being 
bias and that you will be trust worthy to me. 

In order to transfer 
out 12,500,000.00 ( Twelve million, five hundred thousand British 
pounds) from our bank(Firm). I have the courage to look for a reliable 
and Honest Person who will be capable of handling this Important 
Business transaction,believing that you will never let me down either 
now or in Future. 

The owner of this account is Mr. David Hagen 
foreigner and the Manager Of petrol chemical service, a chemical 
engineer by Profession and he died since 1990.the account has no other 
beneficiary And my Investigation proved to me as well that his company 
does not know anything About this account. 

I want to transfer this 
money into a safe foreign account abroad but i Don't know any foreigner,
i know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we have not 
had any correspondence before and you have to admit that we don't know 
ourselves before,but due to the strict confident and your versatility 
in business that motivated my interest to seek your co-op ration in 
this business magnitude of this nature and by your 99.9% reliability 
and straight forwardness given about you that sticked my interest in 
revealing this top secreat to you. 

But be sure that it is real And A 
Genuine business as I believe in God that you will never let me down in 
this transaction till the fund is remitted to your nominated account 
while i will travel to your respective country to collect my own share 
of the money, and we have concluded that at the conclusion of this 
business,you will be offer 25% of the total amount while 60% will be 
for me and the rest of 15% will be for any expenses both party will 
incur in the process of transacting this business. 

I look forward to 
your earliest reply by email for more details. 

Reply to ;
auditor@freeweb.org
Best regards 

Mr.Roland

This message is for the 
designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or 
otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please 
notify the sender immediately and delete the original. Any other use of 
the email by you is prohibited.


</p>

</body></html>