<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="125.243.208.130" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="BRIAN SMITH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. BRIAN SMITH &lt;briansmith650@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-11T00:56:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="briansmith650@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="brian_smith650@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="- brian_smith650@hotmail.com  If on the other hand you are not=20" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;9567341.1152579394413.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="brian_smith650@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;9567341.1152579394413.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="BRIAN SMITH" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. BRIAN SMITH &lt;briansmith650@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="BRIAN SMITH" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. BRIAN SMITH &lt;briansmith650@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-11T00:56:34Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-11T00:56:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;briansmith650@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jul 10 21:03:20 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;briansmith650@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. BRIAN SMITH" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="BRIAN SMITH" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. BRIAN SMITH &lt;briansmith650@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="125.243.208.130" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2820" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. BRIAN SMITH &lt;briansmith650@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;9567341.1152579394413.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt;" />
<title>URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED</title>
</head>
<body><p>URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED
FROM: BRIAN SMITH

Dear friend,

I am Brian Smith Esq, my client is one of the top Managers of Midland 
Bank London Branch and his colleague in the same bank here in the 
United Kingdom have an urgentand very confidential business proposition 
for you. On June 6th, 2001, a Chinese business man, Mr.CHOW LIU, 
deposited in his personal safety deposit vault currency valued at 
£17,500,000.00 (Seventeen Million, Five Hundred Thousand British Pound 
Sterling) in my client's branch.  Upon expiration of the period of 
leasehold of his safety deposit vault two years ago, my client sent a 
routine notification to 
his forwarding address but got no reply.

Some months ago, a reminder was sent and finally it was discovered he 
had passed away. On further investigation, it was discovered that he 
did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were 
fruitless. Further investigations revealed that Mr. CHOW LIU did not 
declare 
any next-of- kin in all his official documents in my clients' bank. 
This sum of £17,500,000.00 is still in the Vault which was opened and 
the keys changed upon the expiration of the period of leaseholdby 
myclients.  Consequently, my proposal is that myclients will like you 
as a 
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. CHOW LIU. 

This is simple. I will like you to provide me immediately with your 
full names and address so that by virtue of my position as an attorney, 
I will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put 
you in place as the next of kin.  I shall do the drafting and 
notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter 
of probate/administration in your favor form the shipment of the funds 
through a courrier company to you. The money will be shipped by courier 
to you for us to share in the ratio of 80% for me and my clients and 
20% for you. 

I hope that is okay.  There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for 
this transaction will be done by me as an attorney and the position of 
my client as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of 
this transaction. If you areinterested, please reply immediately via 
email:- brian_smith650@hotmail.com  If on the other hand you are not 
interested please disregard this mail and I will not contact you 
again.  Upon your response, I shall then provide you with my phone 
number, more details of the transaction and the relevant documents that 
will help you 
understand.

Please observe utmost confidentiality and be restassured that this 
transaction would be most profitable for all of us.

Best regards,
Brian Smith (Esq).


</p>

</body></html>