<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="MISS ISABILA ADEL " />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1997784872-1152603047=" content="99314" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1997784872-1152603047=" content="99314" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1997784872-1152603047=" content="99314--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//mail.yahoo.com " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O arrangement for me to come over to your&lt;BR&gt;country in order to further my university education&lt;BR&gt;and to secure a residential permit in your country.&lt;BR&gt;moreover sir l am willing to offer you 15% of the&lt;BR&gt;total sum as compensation for your effort /input after&lt;BR&gt;the successfull transfer of this fund to your account &lt;BR&gt;overseas.&lt;BR&gt;furthermore you can indicate your option towards&lt;BR&gt;assisting me as l believed that this project would be&lt;BR&gt;concluded within fourteen ( 14 ) days you signify&lt;BR&gt;interest to assist me. hopeing to hear from you&lt;BR&gt;soonest&lt;BR&gt;thanks and God &lt;BR&gt;bless best regards&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;ISABILA &amp;nbsp;ADEL&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;&amp;#32;__________________________________________________&lt;br&gt;Do You Yahoo!?&lt;br&gt;Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around &lt;br&gt;http://mail.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="isabila_adel13@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="isabila_adel13@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="isabila_adel13@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1997784872-1152603047=:99314" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060711073047.1327.qmail@web39206.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MISS ISABILA ADEL " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=qC1Jk7nNlTiFpyD1HemdaABjYjEyQmeTXvG06D9PqaADRKsRydIP505E/I7zTq4Ws4upZXlKOy5VoQkXv8h20sFSuYSBZtVDZKgGG81RVx4l9SFYnfTDp5jI+jrCwUjE5amCUMtXjoWVVz13KzOwy6Ny/Up1psNj2jIU0QbkoeI=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit motherless .&lt;BR&gt;before the death of my father on 29th november&lt;BR&gt;2000 in a private hospital here in abidjan , he&lt;BR&gt;secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he&lt;BR&gt;has a sum of US$7.500.000.(SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS) left in a fixed&lt;BR&gt;/suspense account in one of the prime bank here in&lt;BR&gt;abidjan , that he used my name as the only dauther for his next of kin in deposit of the fund. he also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates , that l should seek for a GOD fearing foreign partner in a country of my choice where l will transfer this money and use it for proper investment purpose , such as real estate management.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Sir l am honourable seeking your assistance in the&lt;BR&gt;following ways &lt;BR&gt;( 1) to provide a bank account into which this money&lt;BR&gt;will be transfered to.&lt;BR&gt;(2) to serve as the gauardian of this fund since l am&lt;BR&gt;A girl of 21 years.&lt;BR&gt;( 3 ) to make" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060711073047.1327.qmail@web39206.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=qC1Jk7nNlTiFpyD1HemdaABjYjEyQmeTXvG06D9PqaADRKsRydIP505E/I7zTq4Ws4upZXlKOy5VoQkXv8h20sFSuYSBZtVDZKgGG81RVx4l9SFYnfTDp5jI+jrCwUjE5amCUMtXjoWVVz13KzOwy6Ny/Up1psNj2jIU0QbkoeI=  ; DEAR ONE?" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;isabila_adel13@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jul 11 03:31:03 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;isabila_adel13@yahoo.com&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 Sir l am honourable seeking your assistance in the" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060711073047.1327.qmail@web39206.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>MISS ISABILA ADEL </title>
</head>
<body>MISS ISABILA ADEL   WEST AFRICA 
APPEAL FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE
ATTN PRESIDENT
   
  DEAR ONE? 
   
  Compliment of day please allow me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you , l got your name and contact from this site and  l prayed over it and selected your name among other names due to its esteeming nature and the recommendation by myself for a reputable and trustworthy person l can do business with and by the recommendation l must not hesitate to confid in you for this simple and sincere business.
 
I am ISABILA ADEL, the only daughter of late mr and mrs MOSES ADEL.my father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant lived in ABIDJAN , the economic capital of cote d lvorie , he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outings on business .
when my mother died on the 21ST october 1984 my father
took me so special because l am
 motherless .
before the death of my father on 29th november
2000 in a private hospital here in abidjan , he
secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he
has a sum of US$7.500.000.(SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS) left in a fixed
/suspense account in one of the prime bank here in
abidjan , that he used my name as the only dauther for his next of kin in deposit of the fund. he also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates , that l should seek for a GOD fearing foreign partner in a country of my choice where l will transfer this money and use it for proper investment purpose , such as real estate management.
  Sir l am honourable seeking your assistance in the
following ways 
( 1) to provide a bank account into which this money
will be transfered to.
(2) to serve as the gauardian of this fund since l am
A girl of 21 years.
( 3 ) to make
 arrangement for me to come over to your
country in order to further my university education
and to secure a residential permit in your country.
moreover sir l am willing to offer you 15% of the
total sum as compensation for your effort /input after
the successfull transfer of this fund to your account 
overseas.
furthermore you can indicate your option towards
assisting me as l believed that this project would be
concluded within fourteen ( 14 ) days you signify
interest to assist me. hopeing to hear from you
soonest
thanks and God 
bless best regards 
ISABILA  ADEL

<p> __________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com </p>

</body></html>