<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="danasante777@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="REPLY TIMELY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;dan asante&quot; &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dan asante &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//WWW.CNN.COM/2003/WORLD/AFRICA/12/26/BENIN.CRASH/INDEX.HTML" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="danasante777@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-11T18:11:47Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="danasante777@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY12-F905F5A1F75847A9788B359F680@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="danasante777@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPLY TIMELY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="11 Jul 2006 18:11:50.0592 (UTC) FILETIME=[7B2A8C00:01C6A515]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Tue, 11 Jul 2006 11:11:50 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY12-F905F5A1F75847A9788B359F680@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[danasante777@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;dan asante&quot; &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="dan asante &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;dan asante&quot; &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dan asante &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-11T18:11:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 ( &quot;REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS CONFIDENTIAL IS THE" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-11T18:11:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="11 Jul 2006 18:11:50.0592 (UTC) FILETIME=[7B2A8C00:01C6A515]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="danasante777@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jul 11 14:11:56 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[danasante777@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sigmod-pods06-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; Tue, 11 Jul 2006 11:11:50 -0700 COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON," />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="dan asante" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;dan asante&quot; &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="dan asante &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2827" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="dan asante &lt;danasante777@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY12-F905F5A1F75847A9788B359F680@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>REPLY TIMELY</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF DAN ASANTE
SENIOR STAFF IN FILE DEPARTMENT,
INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK I.C.B
ACCRA,GHANA.WEST AFRICA.

PLANE CRASH WEB SITE
HTTP://WWW.CNN.COM/2003/WORLD/AFRICA/12/26/BENIN.CRASH/INDEX.HTML
   ( "REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS CONFIDENTIAL IS THE
CASE")
              COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON,
ON A VERY GOOD DAY. I AM (DAN ASANTE) A SENIOR STAFF IN FILE DEPARTMENT IN 
INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK(I.C.B).I GOT YOUR CONTACT FROM A YAHOO TOURIST 
SEARCH.WHEN I WAS SEARCHING FOR A FOREIGN PARTNER I ASSURED OF YOUR 
CAPABILITY AND RELIABILITY TO CHAMPION THIS BUSINEES OPPORTUNITY  WHEN I 
PRAYED TO GOD OR ALLAH ABOUT YOU.IN MY DEPARTMENT WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED 
SUM OF $ 15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS ( FIFTEEN MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS) . IN AN 
ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMER WHO DIED ALONG WITH HIS 
ENTIRE FAMILY IN (FRIDAY DECEMBER 26,2003  ) IN A PLANE CRASH. SINCE WE GOT 
INFORMATION ABOUT HIS DEATH,

WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING HIS NEXT OF KIN TO COME OVER AND CLAIM HIS MONEY 
BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE IT UNLESS SOMEBODY APPLIES FOR IT AS NEXT OF KIN 
OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED AS INDICATED IN OUR BANKING GUIDELINES, BUT 
UNFORTUNATELY WE LEARNT THAT ALL HIS SUPPOSED NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION DIED 
ALONGSIDE WITH HIM AT THE PLANE CRASH LEAVING NOBODY BEHIND FOR THE CLAIM. 
IT IS THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT I AND ONE OFFICIAL IN MY DEPARTMENT 
NOW DECIDED TO MAKE THIS BUSINNESS PROPOSAL TO YOU AND RELEASE THE MONEY TO 
YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND SUBSEQUENT 
DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT AND WE DONT WANT THIS MONEY TO GO 
INTO THE BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED BILL.

THE BANKING LAW AND GUIDELINE HERE STIPULATES THAT IF SUCH MONEY
REMAINED UNCLAMED AFTER FIVE YEARS, THE MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERED INTO THE 
BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED FUND. THE REQUEST OF FOREIGNER AS NEXT OF KIN IN 
THIS BUSINESS IS OCCASIONED BY THE FACT THAT THE CUSTOMER WAS A FOREIGNER, 
AND A GHANAIAN CANNOT STAND AS NEXT OF KIN TO A FOREIGNER. WE AGREE THAT 40 
% OF THIS MONEY WILL BE FOR YOU AS FOREIGN PARTNER, IN RESPECT TO THE 
PROVISION OF A FOREIGN ACCOUNT, 10 % WILL BE SET ASIDE FOR EXPENSES INCURED 
DURING THE BUSINESS AND 50 % WOULD BE FOR  THERE AFTER I  WILL VISIT YOUR 
COUNTRY FOR DISBURSEMENT ACCORDING TO THE PERCENTAGES INDICATED.THEREFORE TO 
ENABLE THE IMMEDIATE TRNANSFER OF THIS FUND TO YOU ASARRANGED, YOU MUST 
APPLY FIRST TO THE BANK AS RELATIONS OR NEXT OF KIN OF THE DECEASED 
INDICATING YOUR BANK NAME, YOUR BANK ACCOUNT NUMBER, YOUR PRIVATE TELEPHONE 
AND FAX NUMBER FOR EASY AND EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION AND LOCATION WHERE THE 
MONEY WILL BE REMITTED.UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR REPLY, I WILL SEND TO YOU BY FAX 
OR EMAIL THE TEXT OF THE APPLICATION I WILL NOT FAIL TO BRING TO YOUR NOTICE 
THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS HITCH FREE AND THAT YOU SHOULD NOT ENTERTAIN ANY 
ATOM OF FEAR AS ALL REQUIRED ARRANGEMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE FOR THE TRANSFER.

YOU SHOULD CONTACT ME.IMMEDIATELY AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS LETTER. 
TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM
YOUIMMEDIATELY.

YOURS FAITHFULLY,
DAN ASANTE
ALTERNATIVE EMAIL:danasante777@yahoo.com

POST SCRITUM:YOU HAVE TO KEEP EVERYTHING SECRET AS TOENABLE THE TRANSFER TO 
MOVE VERY SMOOTHLY IN TO THE ACCOUNT YOU WILLPROVE TO THE BANK.AS YOU 
FINISHED READING THIS LETTER GET BACK TO ME
IMMEDIATELY SO THAT WE DISCUSS VERY WELL OVER THIS BUSINESS.
.......................................................................................

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>