<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="princess_silvee09@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="WAITING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOONEST." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;princess silvee09&quot; &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="princess silvee09 &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="princess_silvee09@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-12T09:45:24Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY19-F25BC3DE313394DF19259E79A690@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="WAITING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOONEST." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="12 Jul 2006 09:45:28.0450 (UTC) FILETIME=[E8695620:01C6A597]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Wed, 12 Jul 2006 02:45:28 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY19-F25BC3DE313394DF19259E79A690@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[princess_silvee09@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;princess silvee09&quot; &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="princess silvee09 &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;princess silvee09&quot; &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="princess silvee09 &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-12T09:45:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-12T09:45:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="12 Jul 2006 09:45:28.0450 (UTC) FILETIME=[E8695620:01C6A597]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="princess_silvee09@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 12 05:45:44 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[princess_silvee09@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 12 Jul 2006 02:45:28 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="princess silvee09" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;princess silvee09&quot; &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="princess silvee09 &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2830" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="princess silvee09 &lt;princess_silvee09@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY19-F25BC3DE313394DF19259E79A690@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>WAITING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOONEST.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

Good day and Compliments.

I am writing this letter in confidence believing that if it is the wish of 
God for you to help me and my family,God almighty will bless and reward you 
aboundantly and you would never regreat this.

I am a female student from University of Burkina-Faso,Ouagadougou.I am 25 
yrs old.I'd like any person who can be caring,loving and home oriented.I 
will love to have a long-term relationship with you and to know more about 
you.I would like to build up a solid foundation with you in time coming if 
you can be able to help me in this transaction.

Well,my father died on 5th May 2005 and left I and my junior brother behind. 
He was a king, which our town citizens titled him over sixteen years before 
his death.

I was a princess to him and I am the only person who can take care of his 
wealth now because my junior brother is still young and my mother is not 
literate enough to know all my father's wealth. He left the sum of USD 
7,350, 000.00 dollars (seven Million, Three Hundred and Fifty Thousand US 
Dollars),in a security company.This money was annually paid into my late 
fathers account from Shell petroleum development company(SPDC)and chevron 
oil company operating in our locality for the compensation of youth and 
community development in our jurisdiction.

I don't know how and what I will do to invest this money somewhere in 
abroad,so that my father's kindred will not take over what belongs to my 
father and our family,which they were planning to do without my present 
because I am a female as stated  by our culture in the town.

Now,I urgently need your humble assistance to move this money from the 
security company to your bank account and I strongly believe that by the 
grace of God,you will help me invest this money wisely.

I am ready to pay 20% of the total amount to you if you help us in this 
transaction and another 10% interest of Annual After Income to you,for 
handling this transaction for us,which you will strongly have absolute 
control over.

If you can handle this project sincerely and also willing to assist me in 
lifting this fund,kindly reach me.You can reach me through this email 
id.(princess_silvee2006@yahoo.com).



Please, note that this transaction is 100% risk free and I hope to commence 
the transaction as quick as possible, I will send you my picture as soon as 
I hear from you.

Yours sincerely,

Princess  Silvee.

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>