<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ASSISTANT NEEDED." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Barrister. Bassey  Owo&quot; &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Barrister. Bassey  Owo &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="basseyowo300@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="1980-01-04T14:22:29Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="basseyowo300@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="basseyowo300@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ASSISTANT NEEDED." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200306170120.h5H1KeO12762@truecrime.mr.itd.UM&gt; WE WOULD LIKE TO DEVELOP BUSINESS RELATIONS WITH YOU" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Barrister. Bassey  Owo&quot; &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Barrister. Bassey  Owo &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Barrister. Bassey  Owo&quot; &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Barrister. Bassey  Owo &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="1980-01-04T14:22:29Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="1980-01-04T14:22:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 16 21:20:46 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt; =28 I SEEK  YOUR  ATTENTION TO SHIFT THE TOTAL SUM OF US$60MILLION INTO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200306170120.h5H1KeO12762@truecrime.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Barrister. Bassey  Owo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Barrister. Bassey  Owo&quot; &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Barrister. Bassey  Owo &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-282" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Barrister. Bassey  Owo &lt;basseyowo300@hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200306170120.h5H1KeO12762@truecrime.mr.itd.UM&gt; WE WOULD LIKE TO DEVELOP BUSINESS RELATIONS WITH YOU" />
<title>URGENT ASSISTANT NEEDED.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
DEAR SIR,

         ( I SEEK  YOUR  ATTENTION TO SHIFT THE TOTAL SUM OF US$60MILLION INTO
YOUR PRIVATE ACCOUNT FOR INVESTEMENT PURPOSE)

  WE WOULD LIKE TO DEVELOP BUSINESS RELATIONS WITH YOU
BY ESTABLISHING A TRUST AGREEMENT WHEREBY YOU SHALL
HOLD, MANAGE  INVEST AND DISTRIBUTE ALL ASSESTS
RECEIVED FROM US IN TRUST AND THE PROCEEDS THEREFROM,
UNDER THE TERMS OF THE TRUST AGREEMENT.
I AM AN ATTORNEY &amp; CONSULTANT TO AN INFLUENTIAL
POLITICIAN, CURRENTLY A FEDERAL MINISTER IN THE
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA WHO HAS BEEN ABLE TO USE
HIS  DIPLOMATIC  STATUS TO MOVE THE SUM OF
US$60MILLION OVERSEAS (NAME OF COUNTRY WITH HELD UNTIL
YOU ARE READY TO DO BUSINESS) AND PRESENTLY
DEPOSITED IN A  PRIVATE SECURITY COMPANY FOR SAFE
KEEPING. THESE BOXES OF MONEY WERE AIRFEIGHTED AS
ARTIFACTS AND PHOTOGRAPHIC MATERIALS.
MY CLIENT, BECAUSE OF HIS PRESENT STATUS IN GOVERNMENT
CANNOT BE PHYSICALLY INVOLVE IN THE MANAGEMENT OF THE
MONEY, HENCE HE DO THIS BY WAY OF PROXY AND FIDUCIARY
AGENT IN ORDER TO AVOID ANY PROBE BY THE PRESENT
DEMOCRATIC GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA.

I AM REQUESTING YOUR ASSISTANCE AS MY COLLEAGUE AND
LEARNED FRIEND TO HELP SECURE INVESTMENT OUTLETS
WHEREBY THIS FUNDS ARE INVESTED IN GOVERNMENT TREASURY
BILLS AND BONDS AND IN SECURE FIRST MORTGAGES
SUPPORTED BY YOUR COUNTRIES REAL ESTATE AND OTHER
ATTRACTIVE INVESTMENT PROGRAMS AVAILABLE.
MANAGE THE COMPLETE PROCESS &amp; ESCORT OUR FIDUCIARY
AGENT THROUGH THE VARIOUS PROCEDURES.

IF THE ABOVE IS WORKABLE FOR YOU &amp; YOUR ASSOCIATE, I
WOULD BE GLAD TO FORWARD OUR STANDARD DISCRETIONARY
ASSET MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT FOR YOU TO LOOK AND MAKE
ANY NECESSARY AMENDMENT. IF ANY, THIS AGREEMENT WE
HOPE  WILL HELP TO ASSURE THE SAFETY OF THE FUNDS AND
CONSOLIDATE THE RELATIONSHIP.PRIOR TO HANDING OVER THE
FUNDS TO YOU &amp; YOUR ASSOCIATES, WE HOPE TO ARRANGE FOR
A PRELIMINARY MEETING WITH YOU ON A NEUTRAL GROUND
WHERE THE ORIGINAL OF THE AGREEMENT WILL BE  SIGNED  BY
YOU  &amp;  OUR FIDUCIARY  AGENT/ MYSELF.

TO ENSURE THE SUCCESS  OF  THIS  TRANSACTION  AND
GUARANTEE  THIS UNIQUE  RELATIONSHIP,  KINDLY TREAT
AS CONFIDENTIALITY. SEND YOUR PRIVATE TELEPHONE AND FAX
NUMBERS TO ENABLE US TALK ON ONE ON ONE BASIS.I
AWAIT  YOUR  URGENT  RESPONSE.PLEASE , YOU CAN ALSO GET BACK TO ME WITH THIS
EMAIL BOX. E-MAIL ADDRESS: basseyowo200@hknetmail.com


BEST  REGARDS.

BARR. BASSEY OWO.







</p>

</body></html>