<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="62.56.149.86" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM: Miss L. B. CHRISTOPHER" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-14T01:16:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="chr_chr2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chr_2066@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chr_2066@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM: Miss L. B. CHRISTOPHER" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-14T01:16:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-14T01:16:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jul 13 21:18:08 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="chriatopher" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="62.56.149.86" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2837" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="chriatopher &lt;chr_chr2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>FROM: Miss L. B. CHRISTOPHER</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: Miss L. B. CHRISTOPHER
MISSIONARY QUARTERS A15
CHURCH ROAD ACCRA 
GHANA
PLS SEND REPLY TO MY PRIVATE BOX chr_2006@walla.com
Dear 
respectful one
I feel good contacting you today I have read from your 
add in Internet
knowing quiet well that this contact will bring a 
lasting relationship.
With regard to your reputation and co-worshipper 
of God who will not
disappoint me nor deny me in faith, I am directing 
this letter of
assistance to you.
I am Miss Louisa. Christopher the 
only daughter of Mr.Christopher from
Republic of Zimbabwe in desire to 
get somebody who will safe guard my
interest, that of my junior 
brother 
(Louis) and this money.Briefly, our
father Mr. Christopher 
was 
a Gold 
and Cocoa merchant who based in Lome
Togo, Abidjan cote 
d'Ivoire, and 
had a branch office here in Accra
Ghana.My father was a 
wealthy 
Gold/Cocoa merchant who has business in
many
countries in 
Europe, 
America and Asian countries.According to my
father, my own 
mother Died 
when I was about six years of age, which
means
that I did 
not even know 
my mother very well.The story is that my
father
Mr. 
Christopher was 
Poisoned to death by his business associates about
seven months ago, 
and he died in a private hospital here in Accra
Ghana.
 
But when he 
was about to die, he called us beside his sick 
bed and told
us that he 
deposited the sum of fifty Two Million Seven 
Hundred 
Thousand
United 
States Dollars (US$52.700,000) with a local 
bank there in Accra,
the
economic and administrative capital of 
Republic of Ghana.This money was
kept for us in my name, his only 
daughter. Right now I am a first year
student of business management 
in 
one of the University here.My only
problem now is that since my 
father 
has been poisoned to death by his
business Associates, I don't 
even 
trust any other person here again
including my father's brothers 
and 
sisters.Right now, I want you to
help us
in the following ways:
 
1)I 
want you to provide a personal / 
company's bank Account where 
this
amount here he deposited the sum of 
fifty Two Million Seven 
Hundred 
Thousand
United States Dollars 
(US$52.700,000) into your 
account.
2) 
You are going to be the manager 
of this fund and Also my 
personal
guardian until I finished my studies.
3)You are going to 
procure 
admissions for us to continue our studies in
one of the known 
university in your country.
4) You are going to 
receive 15% of the 
total sum for providing a bank
account for this 
transfer.
5) That you 
must prepare immediately to make a working visit 
to ACCRA
GHANA here 
so that me and you can see each other and we can 
then do the
transfer 
at the same time and I will go back with you to 
your country.
 

We 
hope to receive your early response, as it will 
Encourage us, to
stop 
establishing further contacts as It regards to 
this subject
matters,
so that we will furnish you With a private phone 
number where you can
reach us Direct, on receipt of your positive 
response.For your
information, this place we staying now is a House of 
a church sister
who saw
our
condition and Decided to house us for a 
while.
THIS 
BUSINESS IS HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL BECAUSE NONE OF OUR LATE 
FATHER'S
BROTHERS AND SISTERS KNOWS ABOUT THIS TRANSACTION.
Waiting to 
hear 
from you soon
Pls Send reply to my private email box:
 
chr_2006@walla.
com
Thanks for your understanding,
Miss L.B. 
Christopher




</p>

</body></html>