<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM Ms.JASON LEICEISTER." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O Minister, Mr. Rafik Hariri, has a huge investment here in the United Kingdom and all over the world, as a matter of fact he has the sum of(THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) in his account here in London which he deposited as a family valuables.The family do not know about this deposit.I was on a routine inspection that I discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL. Of (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) on further discreet investigation, I also discovered that the account holder has passed away (dead) leaving no beneficiary to the account. The bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the former operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am certainly sure that nobody will come again for the claim of this money. A foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims to the account Holder, &lt;hr size=1&gt;Want to be your own boss? Learn how on &lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=41244/*http://smallbusiness.yahoo.com/r-index&quot;&gt; Yahoo! Small Business.&lt;/a&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-185498559-1152852757=:21302&quot;  " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="graceyor@UM FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="graceyor@UM" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="graceyor@UM FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="rrgerber@softconf.com, webmaster@aclweb.org, Sponsordavid.feinberg@abc.com, RE: TRANSFER OF 36,759,000.00 MILLION POUNDS TO YOUR THIS ACCOUNT IS A FOREIGNER, a program leader.Until his death,The Late Prime&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Minister, Mr. Rafik Hariri, has a huge investment here in the United Kingdom and all over the world, as a matter of fact he has the sum of(THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) in his account here in London which he deposited as a family valuables.The family do not know about this deposit.I was on a routine inspection that I discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL. Of (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) on further discreet investigation, I also discovered that the account holder has passed away (dead) leaving no beneficiary to the account. The bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the former operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am certainly sure that nobody will come again for the claim of this money. A foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims to the account Holder," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-185498559-1152852757=:21302" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060714045237.22370.qmail@web55414.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM Ms.JASON LEICEISTER." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit " />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit At first I will like to assure you that this transaction is 100% risk and trouble free to both parties. WE WANT TO TRANSFER OUT MONEY FROM OUR BANK HERE IN LONDON. THE FUND FOR TRANSFER IS OF CLEAN ORIGIN. THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS A FOREIGNER, a program leader.Until his death,The Late Prime " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060714045237.22370.qmail@web55414.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt; {HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL} " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-185498559-1152852757=:21302&quot;  " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=JdtCg4yJz/hCTKizYDR3XE1qDOecf6wxuYJK0gau349fE0QnJil9hV3EqGqF8QoAIxnUqk62qmaKenNlQFRendQToF4/4AQgMSjUobqgEifzQTfmPqeCKPLGhGG9nmQtMlsZ2LDMM3BZAkti+i6hWG/HP725LIcllgoMMEMXOkE=  ;  Best Regards" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-185498559-1152852757=" content="21302 Therefore I need your cooperation in this transaction. I will provide all necessary information needed in order to claim this money.Hoping in God that you will never let me down now and in future.o.k! Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri (November 1, 1944 - February 14, 2005), married to Nazek Audi Hariri, was a Lebanese self-made billionaire and business tycoon, and was five times Prime Minister of Lebanon (1992-1998 and 2000-2004) before his last resignation from office on October 20," />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-185498559-1152852757=" content="21302" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-185498559-1152852757=" content="21302--" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="rrgerber@softconf.com, webmaster@aclweb.org, Sponsordavid.feinberg@abc.com, RE: TRANSFER OF 36,759,000.00 MILLION POUNDS TO YOUR THIS ACCOUNT IS A FOREIGNER, a program leader.Until his death,The Late Prime&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Minister, Mr. Rafik Hariri, has a huge investment here in the United Kingdom and all over the world, as a matter of fact he has the sum of(THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) in his account here in London which he deposited as a family valuables.The family do not know about this deposit.I was on a routine inspection that I discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL. Of (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) on further discreet investigation, I also discovered that the account holder has passed away (dead) leaving no beneficiary to the account. The bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the former operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am certainly sure that nobody will come again for the claim of this money. A foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims to the account Holder," />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="rrgerber@softconf.com" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="Sponsordavid.feinberg@abc.com" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="famradio@familyradio.com" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="troman@theprovider.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="none (mxus3: 206.190.58.208 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of yahoo.com) client-ip=206.190.58.208; envelope-from=jasonleceister@yahoo.com; helo=web55414.mail.re4.yahoo.com; famradio@familyradio.com, troman@theprovider.com ACCOUNT. &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Therefore I need your cooperation in this transaction. I will provide all necessary information needed in order to claim this money.Hoping in God that you will never let me down now and in future.o.k! Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri (November 1, 1944 - February 14, 2005), married to Nazek Audi Hariri, was a Lebanese self-made billionaire and business tycoon, and was five times Prime Minister of Lebanon (1992-1998 and 2000-2004) before his last resignation from office on October 20,&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;2004. The late Rafik Hariri died on February 14, 2005 when explosives equivalent to around 300 kg of C4 were detonated as his motorcade drove past the Saint George Hotel i n the Lebanese capital, for more information please log on to (&lt;A href=&quot;http://www.hariri.info/&quot;&gt;http://www.hariri.info/&lt;/A&gt;)&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGN ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I DON'T KNOW ANY FOREIGNER WHOM I CAN TRUST, I KNOW THAT THIS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="none (mxus3: 206.190.58.208 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of yahoo.com) client-ip=206.190.58.208; envelope-from=jasonleceister@yahoo.com; helo=web55414.mail.re4.yahoo.com;  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:Cc:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=JdtCg4yJz/hCTKizYDR3XE1qDOecf6wxuYJK0gau349fE0QnJil9hV3EqGqF8QoAIxnUqk62qmaKenNlQFRendQToF4/4AQgMSjUobqgEifzQTfmPqeCKPLGhGG9nmQtMlsZ2LDMM3BZAkti+i6hWG/HP725LIcllgoMMEMXOkE=  ;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jul 14 00:52:47 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:Cc:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Attn: Sir/Madam, " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 My name is Mr.Jason Leicester and I work in the International Operation Department in a Bank here in London.I feel quite safe dealing with you in this important business.Though, this medium (Internet) has been greatly abused, I choose to reach you through it because it still remains the fastest medium of communication. However, this correspondence is unofficial and private, and it should be treated as such. MESSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OURSELVES BEFORE, BUT BE SURE THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I CONTACT YOU BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL NOT LET ME DOWN ONCE THE FUND GOES INTO YOUR ACCOUNT.&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Best Regards &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Mr.Jason Leicester .&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;&amp;#32;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2838" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060714045237.22370.qmail@web55414.mail.re4.yahoo.com&gt; {HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL} " />
<title>FROM Ms.JASON LEICEISTER.</title>
</head>
<body>  Attn: Sir/Madam,
   
  {HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL}
  (RE: TRANSFER OF (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND
  FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS)
  RE: TRANSFER OF 36,759,000.00 MILLION POUNDS TO YOUR
  ACCOUNT.
  My name is Mr.Jason Leicester and I work in the International Operation Department in a Bank here in London.I feel quite safe dealing with you in this important business.Though, this medium (Internet) has been greatly abused, I choose to reach you through it because it still remains the fastest medium of communication. However, this correspondence is unofficial and private, and it should be treated as such. 
   
  At first I will like to assure you that this transaction is 100% risk and trouble free to both parties. WE WANT TO TRANSFER OUT MONEY FROM OUR BANK HERE IN LONDON. THE FUND FOR TRANSFER IS OF CLEAN ORIGIN. THE OWNER OF
 THIS ACCOUNT IS A FOREIGNER, a program leader.Until his death,The Late Prime
  Minister, Mr. Rafik Hariri, has a huge investment here in the United Kingdom and all over the world, as a matter of fact he has the sum of(THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) in his account here in London which he deposited as a family valuables.The family do not know about this deposit.I was on a routine inspection that I discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL. Of (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) on further discreet investigation, I also discovered that the account holder has passed away (dead) leaving no beneficiary to the account. The bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the former operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am certainly sure that nobody will come again for the claim of this money. A foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims to the account Holder,
 
   
  Therefore I need your cooperation in this transaction. I will provide all necessary information needed in order to claim this money.Hoping in God that you will never let me down now and in future.o.k! Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri (November 1, 1944 - February 14, 2005), married to Nazek Audi Hariri, was a Lebanese self-made billionaire and business tycoon, and was five times Prime Minister of Lebanon (1992-1998 and 2000-2004) before his last resignation from office on October 20,
  2004. The late Rafik Hariri died on February 14, 2005 when explosives equivalent to around 300 kg of C4 were detonated as his motorcade drove past the Saint George Hotel i n the Lebanese capital, for more information please log on to (<a shape="rect" href="http://www.hariri.info/">http://www.hariri.info/</a>)
   
  I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGN ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I DON'T KNOW ANY FOREIGNER WHOM I CAN TRUST, I KNOW THAT THIS
 MESSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OURSELVES BEFORE, BUT BE SURE THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I CONTACT YOU BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL NOT LET ME DOWN ONCE THE FUND GOES INTO YOUR ACCOUNT.
   
  Best Regards 
   
  Mr.Jason Leicester .

<p> 
	
	
		</p>


Want to be your own boss? Learn how on <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=41244/*http://smallbusiness.yahoo.com/r-index"> Yahoo! Small Business.</a> 
</body></html>