<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS/INVESTMENT PROPOSAL CLASSIFIED DEAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mamou mouna mbulu&quot; &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mamou mouna mbulu &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-14T12:11:36Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY23-F6DFBB1A70C158963730A2A96F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS/INVESTMENT PROPOSAL CLASSIFIED DEAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Jul 2006 12:11:39.0994 (UTC) FILETIME=[A97C3BA0:01C6A73E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Fri, 14 Jul 2006 05:11:39 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY23-F6DFBB1A70C158963730A2A96F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mamou mouna mbulu&quot; &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mamou mouna mbulu &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mamou mouna mbulu&quot; &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mamou mouna mbulu &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-14T12:11:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-14T12:11:36Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Jul 2006 12:11:39.0994 (UTC) FILETIME=[A97C3BA0:01C6A73E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jul 14 08:11:54 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt; Fri, 14 Jul 2006 05:11:39 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mamou mouna mbulu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mamou mouna mbulu&quot; &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mamou mouna mbulu &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2843" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mamou mouna mbulu &lt;mmmbulu0005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY23-F6DFBB1A70C158963730A2A96F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS/INVESTMENT PROPOSAL CLASSIFIED DEAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mamou mouna mbulu
Coordinator of the northern states Programmes
Subject: BUSINESS/INVESTMENT PROPOSAL CLASSIFIED DEAL,

Dear  Sir,

I am Mamou Mouna Mbulu,Bank personnel of the above mentioned Bank Annexe.
I got your contact from a very confidential source and I wish to maitain 
this confidentiality.
Actually,I decided to send you this proposal directly.for your appraisal on 
bussiness proposition for you &amp; for our overall mutual interest.
I am currently the coordinator on technical cooperation and procurement 
officer to the  Bank Of African Development and the African funds 
development.Projects/contract awards.
I need your assurance to help conclude a very good transaction wish i feel 
you will be very much interested
BUSINESS
I am currently in need of a foreign partner to assist me to be the 
beneficiary of the total sum of $5,200.000 USD.
The money was deposited with BIAO bank in Abidjan by the late general Guie 
that was assasinated during the last recent failed coup de etat that 
happened in Ivory coast.
he made me the depositor but I can not withdraw this money myself.
So right now, I wsih to resign which is must if I secure you affirmative 
assurance to be able to front for me as my foreign business partner to act 
as the beneficiary of this money .
I have already transfer this money from BIAO to another bank called BICICI 
in Burkina faso which is now programmed for onward transfer to any name 
which I shall submit to the bank as the beneficiary of this fund.
This is strictly confidential and only between me and you alone.
I shall send to you the check as soon as I am able to recieve your 
favourable response right away.
Please this is not a scam as you may think, just remove doubt.
this is real
A bank account in any part of the world,which you will provide to facilitate 
the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary.
The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% 
for me , 30% for you and 10% for expencies .There is no risk at all as  my 
position will do the paperwork for this
transaction as the branch manager guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction.If you are interested,please
reply immediately via this private email address and also forward to me your 
telephone number and fax number for easy communication.
Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details and
relevant documents that will help you understand.PLEASE OBSERVE UTMOST 
CONFIDENTIALITY,and be rest assured that this would be
most profitable for both of us because I shall
require your assistance to invest my share in your country.
Awaiting your urgent reply via this email above,please save me the anxiety 
of endless waiting.
God bless you.
Mamou Mouna Mbulu

ADB BANK PLC

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Hotmail : créez votre adresse e-mail gratuite &amp; à vie ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>