<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" MRS SARA LAURENT KABILA" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-23T16:08:01Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;s.kaa@katamail.com&quot; &lt;s.kaa@katamail.com&gt; Fortunately for me, on the day of the incident, I was" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="s.kaa@katamail.com &lt;s.kaa@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="s.kaa@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" MRS SARA LAURENT KABILA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;127.0.0.1+Tt0pXbxD4nCdnWWHsORClP@hal-3.inet.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-nb" content="Please furnish me with your private number for" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;127.0.0.1+Tt0pXbxD4nCdnWWHsORClP@hal-3.inet.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-23T16:08:01Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-23T16:08:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;s.kaa@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Katamail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 23 12:10:26 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;s.kaa@katamail.com&gt; I know this letter will come to you as surprise. I" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Katamail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-284" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;127.0.0.1+Tt0pXbxD4nCdnWWHsORClP@hal-3.inet.it&gt;" />
<title> MRS SARA LAURENT KABILA</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear ,

 I know this letter will come to you as surprise. I
managed to get your contact line from the Cote Divoire
Chamber of Commerce, hence I did not waste time to
contact you on a business proposal. 

Firstly, I deem is important to introduce myself. I am
MRS SARA KABILA the third WIFE of late Democratic
Republic of Congo President Luarent Kabila, who was
assassinated on Tuesday 16th Jan . 2001, by his
bodyguard. After the death of my husband, I and my son
williams Kabila were not well treated in the family.
His first wife(Madam Maman Kabila and her son(Joseph
Kabila)who succeeds my late husband as the next
President of Democratic Republic of Congo dominated my
entire husband assets and property.

 Fortunately for me, on the day of the incident, I was
in my husband&amp;#146;s private house at LUMUBASHI, Firstly I
wept over his assassination and then I thought of my
future. I then started searching for important
documents and valuables, because I know that my
husband used to exchange minerals to buy arms from
foreign companies. Eventualy I ran into one of these
important documents. As God has planned for me, it
happened that my husband deposited a Diplomatic Box in
my name with a security and Finance Company in Abidjan
Cote Divoire. I could not believe when I picked up the
document
Referred to here as the &amp;#147;DEED OF LODGE&amp;#148; My late
husband secured (US$12million) TWELVE MILLION UNITED
STATE DOLLARS, which was acquired from the sales of
minerals. On discovering this document I came to
Abidjan Cote Divoire where I am presently residing 
with my only son williams. 

Right now I want you to assist me to transfer this
money into your account in your country, where I will
invest it in any lucrative business as you may advice
me. For your assistance I will offer you 25% of the
total amount and 10% will be set aside for expenses we
may incure in the process of this transaction. Should
this letter receive your honor please do not hesitate
to contact me or my son, and try to maintain the
confidentialty of this transaction. 
I'm waiting anxiously to hear your favourable reply.

NB: Please furnish me with your private number for
easy communication. Please note that this
 Transaction is 100% risk free and you should up hold
the secrecy involved. 
 
Best regards, 

MRS SARA LAURENT KABILA.


</p>

</body></html>