<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;gabriel baki&quot; &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="gabriel baki &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//desktop.msn.fr/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-20T15:19:06Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY15-F21A9CBD5A99875BFCE0B4F95610@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="20 Jul 2006 15:19:08.0393 (UTC) FILETIME=[D8883590:01C6AC0F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Thu, 20 Jul 2006 08:19:08 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F21A9CBD5A99875BFCE0B4F95610@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;gabriel baki&quot; &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="gabriel baki &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;gabriel baki&quot; &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="gabriel baki &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-20T15:19:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-20T15:19:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="20 Jul 2006 15:19:08.0393 (UTC) FILETIME=[D8883590:01C6AC0F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jul 20 11:19:18 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt; Thu, 20 Jul 2006 08:19:08 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="gabriel baki" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;gabriel baki&quot; &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="gabriel baki &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2862" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="gabriel baki &lt;gabriel_baki07@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F21A9CBD5A99875BFCE0B4F95610@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM GABRIEL BAKI,
COCODY-RIVIERA II
ABIDJAN,COTE D'IVOIRE
GOOD DAY

IN ORDER TO TRANSFER OUT (USD 45.000.000.00 MILLION DOLLARS) FROM OUR BANK. 
I HAVE THE COURAGE TO ASK YOU TO LOOK FOR A RELIABLE AND HONEST PERSON WHO 
WILL BE CAPABLE FOR THIS IMPORTANT BUSINESS BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL NEVER 
LET ME DOWN EITHER NOW OR IN FUTURE.

I AM, GABRIEL BAKI .THE EASTERN DISTRICT BANK MANAGER OF ONE OF BANK HERE IN 
COTE D IVOIRE. THERE IS AN ACCOUNT OPENED IN THIS BANK IN 1980 AND SINCE 
1990 NOBODY HAS OPERATED ON THIS ACCOUNT AGAIN. AFTER GOING THROUGH SOME OLD 
FILES IN THE RECORDS I DISCOVERED THAT IF I DO NOT REMITT THIS MONEY OUT 
URGENTLY IT WILL BE FORFEITED FOR NOTHING.

THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS MR. SMITH B. ANDREAS, A FOREIGNER, AND THE 
MANAGER OF PETRO - TECHNICAL SUPPORT SERVICES, A CHEMICAL ENGINEER BY 
PROFESSION AND HE DIED SINCE 1990. NO OTHER PERSON KNOWS ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT 
OR ANY THING CONCERNING IT, THE ACCOUNT HAS NO OTHER BENEFICIARY AND MY 
INVESTIGATION PROVED TO ME AS WELL THAT THIS COMPANY DOES NOT KNOW NYTHING 
ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT INVOLVED IS (USD 45000.000.00 MILLION 
DOLLARS).

I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGNERS ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I 
DON'T KNOW ANY FOREIGNER, I AM ONLY CONTACTING YOU AS A FOREIGNER BECAUSE 
THIS MONEY CAN NOT BE APPROVED TO A LOCAL BANK HERE, BUT CAN ONLY BE 
APPROVED TO ANY FOREIGN ACCOUNT BECAUSE THE MONEY IS IN US DOLLARS AND THE 
FORMER OWNER OF THE ACCOUNT IS MR. SMITH B. ANDREAS IS A FOREIGNER TOO.

I KNOW THAT THIS MASSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A URPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OUR 
SELVES BEFORE, BUT BE SURE THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I ONLY 
GOT YOUR CONTACT ADDRESS FROM THE COMPUTER WITH BELIEVE IN GOD THAT YOU WILL 
NEVER LET ME DOWN IN THIS BUSINESS YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON THAT I HAVE 
CONTACTED IN THIS BUSINESS, SO PLEASE REPLY URGENTLY SO THAT I WILL INFORM 
YOU THE NEXT STEP TO TAKE URGENTLY.

I WANT US TO SEE FACE TO FACE OR SIGN A BINDING AGREEMENT TO BIND US 
TOGETHER SO THAT YOU CANRECIEVE THIS MONEY INTO A FORIEGN ACCOUNT OR ANY 
ACCOUNT OF YOUR CHOICE WHERE THE FUND WILL BE REMMITTED. AND I WILL FLY TO 
YOUR COUNTRY FOR WITHDRAWAL AND SHARING AND OTHER INVESTMENTS.

I AM CONTACTING YOU BECAUSE OF THE NEED TO INVOLVE A FOREIGNER WITH FOREIGN 
ACCOUNT AND FOREIGN BENEFICIARY. BECAUSE THE MANAGEMENT IS READY TO APPROVE 
THIS PAYMENT TO ANY FOREIGNER WHO HAS CORRECT INFORMATION OF THIS ACCOUNT, 
WHICH I WILL GIVE TO YOU LATER IMMEDIATELY, IF YOU ARE ABLE AND WITH 
CAPABILITY TO HANDLE SUCH AMOUNT IN STRICT CONFIDENCE AND TRUST ACCORDING TO 
MY INSTRUCTIONS AND ADVICE FOR OUR MUTUAL BENEFIT BECAUSE THIS OPPORTUNITY 
WILL NEVER COME AGAIN IN MY LIFE.

A NEED TRUTHFUL PERSON IN THIS BUSINESS BECAUSE I DON'T WANT TO MAKE MISTAKE 
I NEED YOUR STRONG ASSURANCE AND TRUST. WITH MY POSITION NOW IN THE OFFICE I 
CAN TRANSFER THIS MONEY TO ANY FOREIGNERS RELIABLE ACCOUNT WHICH YOU CAN 
PROVIDE WITH ASSURANCE THAT THIS MONEY WILL BE INTACT PENDING MY PHYSICAL 
ARRIVAL IN YOUR COUNTRY FOR SHARING.
I WILL DESTROY ALL DOCUMENTS OF TRANSACTION IMMEDIATELY WE RECIEVE THIS 
MONEY LEAVING NO TRACE TO ANY PLACE. YOU CAN ALSO COME TO DISCUSS WITH ME 
FACE TO FACE AFTER WHICH I WILL MAKE THIS REMITTANCE IN YOUR PRESENCE AND 
TWO OF US WILL FLY TO YOUR COUNTRY AT LEAST TWO DAYS AHEAD OF THE MONEY 
GOING INTO YOUR ACCOUNT. I WILL APPLY FOR ANNUAL LEAVE TO GET VISA 
IMMEDIATELY I HEAR FROM YOU THAT YOU ARE READY TO ACT AND RECEIVE THIS FUND 
IN YOUR ACCOUNT.

I WILL USE MY POSITION AND INFLUENCE TO EFFECT LEGAL APPROVALS AND ONWARD 
TRANSFER OF THIS MONEY TO YOUR ACCOUNT WITH APPROPRIATE CLEARANCE FORMS OF 
THE MINISTRIES AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE DEPARTMENTS.
AT THE CONCLUSION OF THIS BUSINESS, YOU WILL BE GIVEN 20% OF THE TOTAL 
AMOUNT, 75% WILL BE FOR ME, WHILE 5% WILL BE FOR EXPENSES BOTH PARTIES MIGHT 
HAVE INCURED DURING THE PROCESS OF TRANSFERING.
I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR EARLIEST.

YOURS TRULY,
GABRIEL

_________________________________________________________________
Retrouvez tout en un clin d'oeil avec la barre d'outil MSN Search ! 
http://desktop.msn.fr/



</p>

</body></html>