<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Dear One, I Am(Ms.Maria Sara Akim)From refugee camp ,      Get Back Is Urgently Needed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Ms.Maria Sara Akim." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ms_mariasakim@ozu.es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-20T17:15:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ms_mariasakim@ozu.es" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="maria_sakim@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;40845.196.201.89.182.1153415703.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dear One, I Am(Ms.Maria Sara Akim)From refugee camp ,      Get Back Is Urgently Needed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2        Thu, 20 Jul 2006 19:15:03 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;40845.196.201.89.182.1153415703.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Ms.Maria Sara Akim." />
<meta name="creator" content="ms_mariasakim@ozu.es" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Ms.Maria Sara Akim." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ms_mariasakim@ozu.es" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-20T17:15:03Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Get Back Is Urgently Needed" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-20T17:15:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ms_mariasakim@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jul 20 13:15:14 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ms_mariasakim@ozu.es&gt; Thu, 20 Jul 2006 19:15:03 +0200 (CEST) Confidential" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Ms.Maria Sara Akim." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Ms.Maria Sara Akim." />
<meta name="Author" content="ms_mariasakim@ozu.es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2863" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ms_mariasakim@ozu.es" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;40845.196.201.89.182.1153415703.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt;" />
<title>Dear One, I Am(Ms.Maria Sara Akim)From refugee camp ,      Get Back Is Urgently Needed</title>
</head>
<body><p>

From:Ms.Maria Sara Akim.
I Am A Liberia. But Am In refugee camp.
Abidja Cote D' Ivoire
Email:maria_sakim@yahoo.fr


                               Confidential
Dear One:

I am a girl of 19 years old my name is (Ms.Maria Sara Akim ).the only
duther/child of (Dr Dickson Akim Gift),fromliberia. I am an orhpan being
that I lost my parents a couple of years ago
during the last war in liberia.and now i am here in Abidjan cote d ivoire
at the refugee camp again in my life due to the political uprising here in
Cote d'Ivoire.

The death of my farther has exposing me to danger.

My late Father was a serving director of the Cocoa exporting board until
his death .both my father and mother was killed during the last rebels war
in my conutry liberia.But before there death My father (Dr Dickson Akim
Gift),  revealed to me that he deposited the sum of ($12.5 Million US
Dollars) in  a bank here in abidjan cote d'ivoire which he wrote on how he
deposited the money on it he said it is for importation of cocoa
processing machine and i will like to invest the money to your country.

The money was deposited by my late father name on which he did not declear
any name as his foreign partner/beneficiary to the bank with this i want
you to stand as his foreign partner/beneficiary, for the bank here to use
your name to transfer the money out from Abidjan Cote D'Ivoire due to the
political war here.I want you to do me a favour to receive this funds to a
safe account in  your country or any safer place as the foreign
partner/beneficiary I have plans to do  investment in your country, like
real estate houses and private school  or  importation of raw materials.

You will help me Get a visa to your country for residence in order for us
to continue invest the fund in a viable business venture and you will also
get a school for me, so that i will finish my
education there.If you are willing to assist me, please let me know
immediately and provide your following information below:

_House/address...........
_Your Telephone................
_State Country.....................

Upon your assistance out of the 100% of the money we will share
45%,45%,and 10% will be for any expencess all i need from your is honesty
and you will promise me that you will not run away with my
father's money.

I will send to you all the documentation that prove the source of  the
fund  before the transfer.
Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.I require you to
treat this letter with the utmost urgency.If you are not interested,please
delete this letter so that I can scout for another competent partner to
conclude this transaction.

Thank's and best regards.
Ms.Maria Sara Akim.





--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nueva Barra de Herramientas de OZÚ. Navega Más facilmente por Internet.
¡Descargatela gratis! http://barra.ozu.es/
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Correo enviado desde http://www.ozu.es


</p>

</body></html>