<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="86.62.6.162" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM MR. ROBIN CLARK" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Robin H. Clark&quot; &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Robin H. Clark &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-21T16:37:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="robinhclark@london.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="robinhclark@london.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM MR. ROBIN CLARK" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Robin H. Clark&quot; &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Robin H. Clark &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Robin H. Clark&quot; &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Robin H. Clark &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-21T16:37:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-21T16:37:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jul 21 12:57:36 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Robin H. Clark" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Robin H. Clark&quot; &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Robin H. Clark &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="86.62.6.162" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2868" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Robin H. Clark &lt;mr.robinclark5@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>FROM MR. ROBIN CLARK</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MR. ROBIN CLARK

UNITY TRUST BANK PLC (London)
THIRD 
FLOOR/CONGRESS
HOUSE, 23/28 GREAT
RUSSELL ST,SOHO, LONDON,
WC1B 3UB
UNITED KINGDOM


REQUEST FOR URGENT TRANSACTION RELATIONSHIP

DEAR,


FIRST, I MUST SOLICIT YOUR STRICTEST CONFIDENCE IN THIS TRANSACTION. 
THIS IS BY VIRTUE OF ITS NATURE AS BEING UTTERLY CONFIDENTIAL AND 'TOP 
SECRET'. I AM SURE AND HAVE CONFIDENCE OF YOUR ABILITY AND RELIABILITY 
TO PROSECUTE A TRANSACTION OF THIS GREAT MAGNITUDE INVOLVING A PENDING 
TRANSACTION REQUIRING MAXIIMUM CONFIDENCE.

IAM A TOP OFFICIAL OF THE 
UNITY TRUST BANK PLC HERE IN UNITED KINGDOM AND AN ACCOUNTS SUPERVISOR 
TO DR ALLEN SMITH WHO IS NOW LATE SINCE LAST THREE YEARS AGO WITHOUT 
ANY NEXT OF KIN TO HIS ACCOUNT, NOW I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS FUNDS WHICH 
ARE PRESENTLY TRAPPED IN THE BANK HERE. IN ORDER TO COMMENCE THIS 
BUSINESS I SOLICIT YOUR ASSISTANCE TO ENABLE ME TRANSFER INTO YOUR 
ACCOUNT THE SAID TRAPPED FUNDS.

HOWEVER, BY VIRTUE OF MY POSITION AS 
CIVIL SERVANT AND MEMBER OF THIS BANK, I CANNOT ACQUIRE THIS MONEY IN 
MY NAME. I HAVE THEREFORE, IAM CONTACTING YOU AS A MATTER OF TRUST IN 
ORDER TO TRANSFER THE SUM OF US$21,320,000.00(TWENTY ONE MILLION, THREE 
HUNDRED AND TWENTY THOUSAND U.S DOLLARS). HENCE IAM WRITING YOU THIS 
LETTER. I HAVE AGREED TO SHARE THE MONEY THUS; 1. 20% FOR YOU THE 
ACCOUNT OWNER 2. 70% FOR ME 3. 10% TO BE USED IN SETTLING TAXATION AND 
ALL LOCAL AND FOREIGN EXPENSES. IT IS FROM THE 70% THAT I WISH TO 
COMMENCE A JOINT BUSINESS WITH YOU THERE IN YOUR COUNTRY.

PLEASE, NOTE 
THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 100% SAFE AND I HOPE TO FINISH THE TRANSFER 
LATEST SEVEN (7) BANKING DAYS FROM THE DATE OF THE RECEIPT OF THE 
FOLLOWING INFORMATIONS: YOUR FULL NAME AND ADDRESS, PHONE AND FAX 
NUMBER, BANK DETAILS AND YOUR STATUS THE ABOVE INFORMATIONS WILL ENABLE 
ME WRITE LETTERS OF CLAIM AND NEXT OF KIN DESCRIPTION RESPECTIVELY. 
THIS WAY WE WILL USE YOUR NAME TO APPLY FOR PAYMENT AND RE-AWARD THE 
BENEFICARY IN YOUR NAME AS THE NEXT OF KIN TO THE LATE BENEFICIARY.

IAM LOOKING FORWARD TO DOING THIS BUSINESS WITH YOU AND SOLICIT YOUR 
CONFIDENTIALITY IN THIS TRANSATION.

PLEASE ACKNOWLEDGE THE RECEIPT OF 
THIS LETTER USING THE ABOVE EMAIL ADDRESS . I WILL SEND YOU DETAILED 
INFORMATION OF THIS PENDING PROJECT WHEN I HAVE HEARD FROM YOU.

YOURS 
FAITHFULLY,

MR ROBIN HANS CLARK


</p>

</body></html>