<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ugent busness" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO &lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;  &lt;HR SIZE=1&gt;  The best gets better. See why everyone is raving about the &lt;A href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca&quot;&gt;&lt;B&gt;All-new Yahoo! Mail.&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/A&gt; &lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-971910646-1153755275=:39849&quot; somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased&lt;BR&gt;as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we learnt that&lt;BR&gt;all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I decided to make this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent&lt;BR&gt;disbursement since nobody is coming for it and i don't want this money to &lt;BR&gt;go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained&lt;BR&gt;unclamed after seven year, the money will be transfered into the Bank&lt;BR&gt;treasury as unclaimed fund.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by&lt;BR&gt;the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as&lt;BR&gt;next of kin to a foreigner.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;I agree that 30% of" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="aiweb06@cs.umbc.edu " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-971910646-1153755275=:39849" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060724153435.43706.qmail@web39808.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ugent busness" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding;  b=42u4UHd+K3Os9RY9OcXYG726DnSjZrmAxdSkjmeM6xrfVyPD0TNIdbqzGE6FNXXko4yVb4OAyPCGUuKRbVLDCKpsZA7tR2EWrhpRuv1dGbLQh9N1iKYy9DnObp1ZHwGUwosnPxGEm+nM4gs6zFhPHxO6gqu8q641ziVoQVNzA68=  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit this money will be for you as foreign partner, in&lt;BR&gt;respect to the provision of a foreign account and 70% would be for ME;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as&lt;BR&gt;arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of&lt;BR&gt;the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your&lt;BR&gt;private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and&lt;BR&gt;location where in&amp;nbsp; the money will be remitted.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of&lt;BR&gt;the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this&lt;BR&gt;transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of&lt;BR&gt;fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this mail&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;through my adres &lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;Your's faithfully&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;gef abey" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060724153435.43706.qmail@web39808.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-971910646-1153755275=:39849&quot; somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased&lt;BR&gt;as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we learnt that&lt;BR&gt;all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I decided to make this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent&lt;BR&gt;disbursement since nobody is coming for it and i don't want this money to &lt;BR&gt;go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained&lt;BR&gt;unclamed after seven year, the money will be transfered into the Bank&lt;BR&gt;treasury as unclaimed fund.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by&lt;BR&gt;the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as&lt;BR&gt;next of kin to a foreigner.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;I agree that 30% of" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 b=42u4UHd+K3Os9RY9OcXYG726DnSjZrmAxdSkjmeM6xrfVyPD0TNIdbqzGE6FNXXko4yVb4OAyPCGUuKRbVLDCKpsZA7tR2EWrhpRuv1dGbLQh9N1iKYy9DnObp1ZHwGUwosnPxGEm+nM4gs6zFhPHxO6gqu8q641ziVoQVNzA68=  ; gef abey" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gefabey02@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-971910646-1153755275=" content="39849" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-971910646-1153755275=" content="39849 &lt;hr size=1&gt;Now you can have a huge leap forward in email:&lt;a href=&quot;http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt; get the new Yahoo! Mail.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-971910646-1153755275=" content="39849--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jul 24 11:34:44 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gefabey02@yahoo.ca&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type:Content-Transfer-Encoding; Your's faithfully" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2870" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060724153435.43706.qmail@web39808.mail.mud.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>ugent busness</title>
</head>
<body>FROM THE DESK OF gef abey BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK
Cote d'Ivoire.


I am the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department
of AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK Cote d'Ivoire I got your contact address
through internet net work search when searching for a good and reliable
person that will assist me in this transaction.

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of 950.000  Dollars (us dollars) in an
account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who died on 25th JULY
2000 IN SUPER SONIC CONCORDE plane crash AT CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT IN PARIS FRANCE along with his entire family.

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next
of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it
unless
 somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased
as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we learnt that
all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I decided to make this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent
disbursement since nobody is coming for it and i don't want this money to 
go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.

The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained
unclamed after seven year, the money will be transfered into the Bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by
the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as
next of kin to a foreigner.

I agree that 30% of
 this money will be for you as foreign partner, in
respect to the provision of a foreign account and 70% would be for ME;

Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as
arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of
the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your
private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and
location where in  the money will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this
transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of
fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.

You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this mail   through my adres 

  Your's faithfully

  gef abey
 

    
  The best gets better. See why everyone is raving about the <a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca">All-new Yahoo! Mail.</a> 
<p> 
		</p>


Now you can have a huge leap forward in email:<a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca"> get the new Yahoo! Mail.</a> <p> 
		</p>


Now you can have a huge leap forward in email:<a shape="rect" href="http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=40705/*http://mrd.mail.yahoo.com/try_beta?.intl=ca"> get the new Yahoo! Mail.</a> </body></html>