<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY..." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Vincent Nicholas.&quot; &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Vincent Nicholas. &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="vinniicole@mixmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-25T19:20:18Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="vinnicole@mixmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="vinnicole@mixmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY..." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200607251920.k6PJKSGp017149@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Vincent Nicholas.&quot; &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Vincent Nicholas. &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Vincent Nicholas.&quot; &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Vincent Nicholas. &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-25T19:20:18Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-25T19:20:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jul 25 15:20:43 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200607251920.k6PJKSGp017149@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Vincent Nicholas." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Vincent Nicholas.&quot; &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Vincent Nicholas. &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2874" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Vincent Nicholas. &lt;vinniicole@mixmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200607251920.k6PJKSGp017149@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY...</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

I am Mr.Vincent Nicholas, I am an accountant with the HSBC BANK UK.I
am very sorry if this is an inconvinience in any way, just that i
need you to see me through with this transfer. This business request
may seem strange, but I crave your indulgence and pray you view it
seriously as I am convinced that you would be capable to provide me
with a solution to a money transfer.

On June 16, 2000, a German property magnate Mr. Andrea Schranner
made a numbered time (fixed) deposit for twelve calendar
months,valued at £6,500,000.00(Six Million Five Hundred Thousand
Pounds Sterling )in my branch upon maturity. I sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from
his contract employers (the Petroleum Corporation) that Mr. Andrea
Schranner died in an air crash with his family.
On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a
will and attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I
therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Andrea
Schranner did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his
official documents, including his bank deposit paperwork. This sum
of £6,500,000.00 and the interest is being rolled over with the
principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward
to claim it .According to British law, at the expiration of 7 years,
the money will revert to the ownership of the Bristish Government if
nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner
to stand as the next of kin to Mr. Andrea Schranner.
This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full
name and address so that an accredited Attorney working with the
bank here will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which
will put you in place as the next of kin.We shall employ the service
of two attorneys for the drafting and notarization of the will and
obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate administration
in your favour for the transfer into any bank account in any part of
the world which you will provide.We will then facilitate the
transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.The
money will be paid into your account for us to share in ratio of
50% for me and 30% for you and 10 % will be set aside to ofset any
expenses incured during the business , while the other 10% will go
to charity organisation. There is no risk at all,the paperwork for
this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as an
accountant in the bank with the help of the branch Manager
guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. Please
reply immediately via the private email address below to show your
interest , upon your responses, I shall provide you with more
details and relevant documents that will help you understand the
transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that
this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I
shall require your assistance to invest my share of this money in
your country.
Please upon the receipt of this mail message, send to me the
following to enable me start the processing of the fund transfer
into your bank account:
1.) Your full name and address,
2.) Your company name and address if any,.
3.) Your private / official telephone and fax number.
Awaiting your Urgent Reply via my email: vinnicole@mixmail.com and
call me for discussions in regards on my personal telephone number
on +447024075148

Thanks and God bless.
Best regards
Mr Vincent Nicholas.




</p>

</body></html>