<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="165.228.131.11" />
<meta name="subject" content="For charity(From Muayed Abdul Faisal)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&lt;muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-28T01:43:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="muayedabdulfaisal01@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;29094872.1154051000506.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps03&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="muayedabdulfaisal01@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="For charity(From Muayed Abdul Faisal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;29094872.1154051000506.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps03&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&lt;muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&lt;muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-28T01:43:20Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-28T01:43:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jul 27 21:52:08 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&lt;muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="165.228.131.11" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2884" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="muayedabdul1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;29094872.1154051000506.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps03&gt;" />
<title>For charity(From Muayed Abdul Faisal)</title>
</head>
<body><p>Bsmillahir Rahmaanir Raheem,
Assalam Alaikum,
Wasalaam toyou,and how are you doing?. My intention of contacting you
is to solicit your assistance for a project, which will be mutually
beneficial. Though I know my decision to contact you is to a large
extent unconventional, the prevailing circumstances necessitated my
action. I am Muayed Abdul Faisal. I am son to Late Mallam Mustafa
Abdul Faisal of blessed memory was an oil explorer in Libya and
Kuwait for twelve years before hedied in the year 2000. He died after 
a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we 
were both devoted Muslims. Since his death I too have been battling
with both Cancer problems.When my late Father was alive he 
made a huge deposit in millions of US dollars with a Deposit Company 
in oversea. (I will tell you the amount as we proceed).
Recently, my doctor told me that I have only few months to live due to
cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness.
Having known mycondition I decided to donate this fund to either a
Muslim organization or devoted Muslim individual that will utilize
this money the way I am going to instruct herein. My parents died at a
tender age and i was brought up in the orphanage through the help of
a devouted muslim.I want this Muslim organization or individual to use
this money in all sincerity to fund mosques, orphanages, widows, and
also propagatingthe word of ALLAH and to ensure that the society
upholds the views and belief of the Holy Quran.
The Holy Quran emphasizes so much on ALLAH'S benevolence and thishas
encouraged me to take the bold step. I took this decision because I
don't have any child that will inherit this money and my relatives
are into some radical Organizations and I don't want a situation where
this money will be used in an Unholy manner. Hence the reasons for
this bold decision, I know that after death I will be with ALLAH the
most beneficent andthe most merciful. I don't need any telephone
communication in this regard because of my health, because of the
presence of my relatives around me always. I don't want them to know
about this development. With ALLAH all things are possible. As soon as
I receive your reply I shall give you the contact information of the
Deposit Company in oversea where the money was deposited. I will also
issue a letter ofauthority to the Deposit Company authorizing them
that the said fund have being willed to you and a copy of such
authorization will be forwarded to you. I want you and theMuslim
community where you reside to always pray for me. My happiness is
that I lived a true devoted Muslims worthy of emulation,
Whoever that wants to serve ALLAH must serve him in truth and in
fairness. I will not stipulate any precise amount to reward you, as
it will have to be on pre-negotiated terms, based on your level of
involvement.
Please always beprayerful all through your life. Any delay in your
reply will give room in sourcing for a Muslim organization or a
devoted Muslim for this same purpose. Until I hear from you by email,
my dreams will rest squarely on your Shoulders. May the Almighty
ALLAH continue to guide and protect you.

Wasalaam

Muayed Abdul Faisal,






</p>

</body></html>