<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="62.128.164.138" />
<meta name="subject" content="GET BACK TO ME." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-07-29T19:07:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="barripikolo@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="barri_pikolo07@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;12203165.1154200035471.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="barri_pikolo07@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GET BACK TO ME." />
<meta name="MboxParser-introduction" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;12203165.1154200035471.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-07-29T19:07:15Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-07-29T19:07:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jul 29 15:09:22 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="barri pikolo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="62.128.164.138" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2887" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="barri pikolo &lt;barripikolo@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;12203165.1154200035471.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt;" />
<title>GET BACK TO ME.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF:MR.BARR PIKOLO COKER
GENERAL AUDITOR OF STANDARD EXCITE BANK
LAGOS NIGERIA WEST AFRICA.
EMAIL ADDRESS:barri_pikolo07@yahoo.com
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL JOINT VENTURE PARTNERSHIP 
INTRODUCTION:

My Dear Friend,

I am Mr.Barri Pikolo Coker the auditor general of STANDARD EXCITE BANK 
in Nigeria.I got your contact from your country business guide as a 
reliable person.I want to transferto overseas ($26,000.000.00 USD)from 
STANDARD EXCITE BANK inLagos Nigeria west Africa, I want to ask you to 
quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and 
fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new Bank 
a/c immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve to 
receive this money, as long as you will remain honest to me till the 
end of this important business trusting in you and believing in God 
that you will never let me down either now or in future.

During the course of my auditing I discovered a floating fund in an 
account opened in this bank in1990 and since then till 2006 nobody has 
operated on this account again, after going through some old files in 
the records I discovered that the owner of the account died without a 
[heir]hence the money is floating and if I do not remit this money out 
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing.The owner of this account is 
Mr. Adam.B.Husrt , a foreigner, and an industrialist,he died, since 
1993 and no other person knows about this account or any thing 
concerning it,the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation 
proved to me aswell that Adams.B. Husrt until his death he was a  
director of Diamond Safari(PTY)SA.With account number #5005874CB1000.I 
have kept the information secret within myself to enable me look for 
any foreign partner of my choice who will assist me receive this funds.

However, every legal steps will be put in place to obtain all legal 
approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with 
appropriate clearance from  the relevant ministries and foreign 
exchange departments.We will sign a binding agreement, to bind us 
together and to build amount of confidence and trust between us. I am 
revealing this to you with believe in God that you will never let me 
down in this business. Your urgent reply will be highly appreciated to 
enable me inform you of the next step to take urgently because this 
transaction will be actualize within 14 working days.

All I need is your full co-operation to make this work fine. because, 
the STANDARD EXCITE BANK management is ready to,approve this payment to 
any foreigner who has correct information of this account, which I will 
give to you,upon your positive response and once I am convinced that 
you are willing and ready to handle this deal.

With my influence in this bank we can transfer this money to any 
foreign reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this 
money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for 
sharing.I will be monitoring the whole situations here in the bank 
until you confirm this funds in your account. Then i will destroy all 
documents of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no 
trace to any place.I will apply for annual leave to get visa 
immediately I hear from you that you are ready to act and receive this 
funds in your account. At the conclusion of this business, you will be 
given 40% of the total amount,55% will be for me, while 5% will be for 
expenses incurred during the process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest reply.

Thanks Yours faithfully,

Mr.Barri Pikolo Coker




</p>

</body></html>