<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="193.220.62.3" />
<meta name="subject" content="A RELIABLE PARTNER" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-01T15:12:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mallamgaladima79@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mallamgaladima79@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="A RELIABLE PARTNER" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-01T15:12:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-01T15:12:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="PRESIDENT/CEO " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug  1 11:35:53 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mallam Galadima" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="193.220.62.3" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2895" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mallam Galadima &lt;mallamgaladima3@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>A RELIABLE PARTNER</title>
</head>
<body><p>CONTRACTS VERIFICATION N. N. P. C 

ATTN: PRESIDENT/CEO 

Dear friend, 

l am Dr Mallam Galadima., the contracts verification manager of 
Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Because of my position 
and that of other strategic officials who are heads in their 
Departments, we have in our possession, since 2001 the sum of US$400M 
Dolllars (Four hundred million United States Dollars) which we emassed 
through over invoicing of foreign contracts fully executed and 
commissioned with the different foreign contractors duely paid their 
full contract amounts.

We have made several fruitless moves to 
transfer this fund abroad for our mutual benefits. One in 2002 when one 
Mr. Lambert Brown of the United States of America, living at No 125 N. 
Kinsley Ave. Ocean City, NJ 082216, ran away with our US$65M Dollars 
after the fund has been transfered into his account. lt was 
unbelievable, shocking and hypertensive that when we went there to 
claim our share of the fund, we were told that nobody with that name 
was living in that house and that the former occupant of the flat moved 
away few weeks ago to an unkown house. This is how we lost US$65M 
Dollars to the heartless Mr. Lambert Brown. 

The second attempt was 
when in 2003, we decided to carry US$50M dollars in cash through the 
Lagos lnternational Airport but was stopped by the Nigerian Custom 
Officers who seized the fund till date . This is how we lost another 
US$50M Dollars to the Nigerian Custom. 

Following the peaceful life 
ushered in by the current democratic dispensation in Nigeria, l and my 
colleages have decided to transfer the sum of US$22M (Twenty Two 
Million dollars) into a foreign account operated by a foreigner for our 
mutual benefits. By this letter, l request your assistance in 
transferring and safeguarding the sum of US$22M Dollars for our mutual 
benefits. 

For assisting us in transferring and safeguarding this 
fund, you will be entitled to 35% of the total sum 5% will be set aside 
for charity and philantropic purposes 57% belongs to me and my 
colleagues while 3% will go for reimbursement of all expenses made by 
both parties. However, l want you to be human and humane so that you do 
not become this second Mr. Lambert Brown of the United States. lt is 
imperative to note that this transaction is risk free as all modalities 
for the successful transfer of this fund have been perfected by my 
colleagues in the relevant ministries. 

However, we should see 
absolute confidentiality as our watchword throughout the course of this 
transaction for we are civil servants and will equally not like the 
2002 event to redramatise itself. 

l will not be ungrateful if you can 
urgently furnish me with your private telephone, fax and mobile numbers 
and name of beneficiary with the telex numbers of the receiving bank. 
These will enable us speed up the claim of the fund and eventual 
transfer into your nominated account. Please reply via this alternative 
email address:mallamgaladima59@yahoo.com 

Looking forward to hear from 
you soonest. 

Dr.Mallam Galadima


</p>

</body></html>