<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="please reply" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Philip Jones. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Philip Jones &lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="philjones1@uboot.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-24T22:12:46Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="please reply" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200306242212.h5OMCTIo005715@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Philip Jones. " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Philip Jones &lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Philip Jones. " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Philip Jones &lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-24T22:12:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-24T22:12:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Tue, 24 Jun 2003 18:13:03 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun 24 18:13:07 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Tue, 24 Jun 2003 18:13:03 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200306242212.h5OMCTIo005715@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;Mr.Philip Jones&quot; &lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Philip Jones" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;Mr.Philip Jones&quot; &lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Philip Jones. " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Philip Jones &lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6700" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-288" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Philip Jones &lt;philjones1@uboot.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200306242212.h5OMCTIo005715@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>please reply</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:Mr.Philip Jones. 
(Executive Manager) 
Private Tel/Fax: 234-1-7598296 
Private E-mail: philjones1@uboot.com 

Dear Sir, 

I am Mr. Philip jones, an official with one of the APEX 
banks in Nigeria.My colleagues and I have an urgent 
and very confidential 
business proposal for you. On the 6th of June 1998 an 
American miner, Mr. Travis Myers ran an account with 
us and his present balance is valued at 
US$28,500,000.00 (Twenty-Eight Million, Five Hundred 
Thousand United States Dollars Only) in my Bank. We 
sent a routine notification to his forwarding address 
but got no reply. After a month, we 
sent a reminder and finally, we discovered from his 
employers that he died from an automobile accident. On 
further investigation, we found out from his account 
file that he never made a will and all attempts to 
trace his next of kin was fruitless, as he had none. 
We therefore made further investigations and 
discovered that Mr. Travis Myers did not declare any 
next of kin or relations in all his official documents 
in the bank files. This sum of $28,500,000.00 is still 
lying in the bank and the principal sum and interest 
is being rolled over at the end of every year. As it 
is now, no one will ever come forward to claim this 
money. According to the Nigeria law, at the expiration 
of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the 
ownership of the Government if unclaimed. 

Consequently, my proposal is that I would like you 
to stand in as the next of kin of Mr. Travis Myers. 
This is simple; all we need is some of your details so 
that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents 
and affidavits which would put you in place as Mr. 
Myers's next of kin. We shall also employ the services 
of an accredited Attorney for the drafting and 
notarisation of the WILL and to obtain the necessary 
documents and letters of probate/administration in 
your favour for the transfer. The money would be 
shared in the ration of 75% for us and 25% for you. 

There is no risk at all as the paperwork for this 
transaction will be done by the Attorney and my 
position as a manager guarantees the successful 
execution of this transaction. If you are interested, 
please reply immediately via email. 

Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest 
assured that this transaction would be most profitable 
for us. I shall still require your assistance to 
invest my own share in your country just incase you 
can help, otherwise we'll take our share . 

Awaiting your urgent reply, 

Mr.Philip Jones. 

</p>

</body></html>