<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="yakubeakim101@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE READ AND REPLY IMMEDIATELY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;yakube akim&quot; &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="yakube akim &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="yakubeakim101@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-04T19:26:00Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dr_yakubeakim@maktoob.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY24-F5D29831AA26F57F2D92DDF0500@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dr_yakubeakim@maktoob.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE READ AND REPLY IMMEDIATELY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="04 Aug 2006 19:26:01.0820 (UTC) FILETIME=[D23809C0:01C6B7FB]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Fri, 4 Aug 2006 12:26:01 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY24-F5D29831AA26F57F2D92DDF0500@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[yakubeakim101@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;yakube akim&quot; &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="yakube akim &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;yakube akim&quot; &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="yakube akim &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-04T19:26:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Dr.Yacube Akim" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-04T19:26:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="04 Aug 2006 19:26:01.0820 (UTC) FILETIME=[D23809C0:01C6B7FB]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="yakubeakim101@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Aug  4 15:26:07 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[yakubeakim101@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt; Fri, 4 Aug 2006 12:26:01 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="yakube akim" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;yakube akim&quot; &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="yakube akim &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2905" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="yakube akim &lt;yakubeakim101@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY24-F5D29831AA26F57F2D92DDF0500@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE READ AND REPLY IMMEDIATELY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

I know that this mail will come to you as a surprise as we have never
met before.My name is Dr.Yacube Akim.I am the bill and exchange manager in
African Development Bank.I Hoped that you will not expose or betray
this trust and  confident that I am about to repose on you for the mutual
benefit of our both families.

I am writing in respect of a foreign customer of our Bank who perished
along with his next of kin with Korean Air Line, flight number 801 with the
whole passengers on  6th of augustus 1997 and for your perusal you can view
this site http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9708/06/guam.passenger.list

Since the demise of this our customer, I personally has watched with
keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one
has come to claim his funds of US$8.3M (Eight Million Three Hundred
Thoudsand United States Dollars) which has been with our branch for a very 
long
time.

On this note, I decided to seek for whom his name shall be used as the
Next of Kin since nobody is coming for the fund again.The Banking ethics
here  does not allow such money to stay more than 10 years, because the 
money
will be recalled to the Bank treasury as unclaimed fund after this period.

In view of this I got your contact through the internet when I was
making a research on a foreigner that I will use in this great  opportunity
because i dont want the money to be recalled to our Bank treasury as 
uncliamed
fund.I have also agreed to offer 40% of the total sum and the rest 60% will 
be
for me.

The reason for a foreigner in the business is for the fact that the
deceased man was a foreigner and  it is not authorized by the law guiding 
our
Bank for a citizen of this country to make the claim of the fund.So the
request of you as a foreigner is necessary to apply for the release and
transfer of the fund smoothly into your reliable Bank account as the surving
relation to the deceased.

If you are really sure of your integerity, trustworthy and
confidentiality, and accept not to cheat or disappoint me after this 
business, reply
with your telephone and fax numbers and banking account details where you
wish to receive the fund.

Upon receipt of the above mentioned informations,indicating your
interest in the business,I will send you by fax or e-mail a letter of 
application
which you will type  and send back to our bank to enable us start this
transaction.

I will  not fail to bring to your notice that this business is hitch
free and dont have any negative impact.You should not entertain any fear as
all modalities for the smooth and easy transfer of this fund has been
finalized, this  transaction will be completed within 14 bank working days
immediately we start the business.

Waiting for your urgent response and please kindly delete if you are
not interested.

Regards,

    Dr.Yacube Akim
African Development Bank.

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Hotmail : créez votre adresse e-mail gratuite &amp; à vie ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>