<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="196.207.129.70" />
<meta name="subject" content="Ms.JASON LECEISTER" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-(re" content="TRANSFER OF (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-04T23:04:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jasonleceister@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jasonleceister@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jasonleceister@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Ms.JASON LECEISTER" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="TRANSFER OF 36,759,000.00 " />
<meta name="creator" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-04T23:04:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-04T23:04:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="none (mxus0: 212.216.176.143 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of virgilio.it) client-ip=212.216.176.143; envelope-from=jasonleceister@virgilio.it; helo=vsmtp3.tin.it; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir/Madam," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="none (mxus0: 212.216.176.143 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of virgilio.it) client-ip=212.216.176.143; envelope-from=jasonleceister@virgilio.it; helo=vsmtp3.tin.it;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Aug  4 19:22:55 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jason leceister" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="196.207.129.70" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2906" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jason leceister &lt;jasonleceister@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>Ms.JASON LECEISTER</title>
</head>
<body><p>                          








Attn: Sir/Madam,

{HIGHLY 
CONFIDENTIAL}
(RE: TRANSFER OF (THIRTY SIX MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND
FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS)
RE: TRANSFER OF 36,759,000.00 
MILLION POUNDS TO YOUR
ACCOUNT.
My name is Mr.Jason Leicester and I 
work in the International Operation
Department in a Bank here in London.
I feel quite safe dealing with you
in this important business.Though, 
this medium (Internet) has been
greatly abused, I choose to reach you 
through it because it still
remains the fastest medium of 
communication. However, this
correspondence is unofficial and private, 
and it should be treated as
such. 

At first I will like to assure you 
that this transaction is 100% risk
and trouble free to both parties. WE 
WANT TO TRANSFER OUT MONEY FROM
OUR BANK HERE IN LONDON. THE FUND FOR 
TRANSFER IS OF CLEAN ORIGIN. THE
OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS A FOREIGNER, 
a program leader.Until his
death,The Late Prime
Minister, Mr. Rafik 
Hariri, has a huge investment here in the United
Kingdom and all over 
the world, as a matter of fact he has the sum
of(THIRTY SIX MILLION 
SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE THOUSAND POUNDS
STERLINGS) in his account 
here in London which he deposited as a
family valuables.The family do 
not know about this deposit.I was on a
routine inspection that I 
discovered a dormant domiciliary account
with a BAL. Of (THIRTY SIX 
MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY NINE
THOUSAND POUNDS STERLINGS) on 
further discreet investigation, I also
discovered that the account 
holder has passed away (dead) leaving no
beneficiary to the account. 
The bank will approve this money to any
foreigner because the former 
operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am
certainly sure that nobody 
will come again for the claim of this
money. A foreigner can only claim 
this money with legal claims to the
account Holder, 

Therefore I need 
your cooperation in this transaction. I will provide
all necessary 
information needed in order to claim this money.Hoping
in God that you 
will never let me down now and in future.o.k! Rafik
Bahaa Edine Hariri 
(November 1, 1944 - February 14, 2005), married to
Nazek Audi Hariri, 
was a Lebanese self-made billionaire and business
tycoon, and was five 
times Prime Minister of Lebanon (1992-1998 and
2000-2004) before his 
last resignation from office on October 20,
2004. The late Rafik Hariri 
died on February 14, 2005 when explosives
equivalent to around 300 kg 
of C4 were detonated as his motorcade
drove past the Saint George Hotel 
in the Lebanese capital, for more
information please log on to (http:
//www.hariri.info/)

I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGN 
ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I
DON'T KNOW ANY FOREIGNER WHOM I CAN TRUST, I KNOW 
THAT THIS
MESSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW 
OURSELVES
BEFORE, BUT BE SURE THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I 
CONTACT
YOU BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL NOT LET ME DOWN ONCE THE FUND GOES 
INTO
YOUR ACCOUNT.

Best Regards 

Mr.Jason Leicester .    
   
 
  
 
  


</p>

</body></html>