<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="naba_moha06@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM:MR NABA MOHAMMED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR NABA MOHAMMED" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="naba mohammed &lt;naba_moha06@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//mobile.live.fr/messenger/ten/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="naba_moha06@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-06T05:00:09Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F6B1BA3EEE93418B841C14E4560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM:MR NABA MOHAMMED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="06 Aug 2006 05:00:10.0160 (UTC) FILETIME=[31715300:01C6B915]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Sat, 5 Aug 2006 22:00:10 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F6B1BA3EEE93418B841C14E4560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[naba_moha06@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR NABA MOHAMMED" />
<meta name="creator" content="naba mohammed &lt;naba_moha06@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR NABA MOHAMMED" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="naba mohammed &lt;naba_moha06@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-06T05:00:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 (PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL)" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-06T05:00:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;naba_moha06@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="06 Aug 2006 05:00:10.0160 (UTC) FILETIME=[31715300:01C6B915]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="naba_moha06@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Aug  6 01:00:16 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[naba_moha06@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;naba_moha06@hotmail.fr&gt; Sat, 5 Aug 2006 22:00:10 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="naba mohammed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR NABA MOHAMMED" />
<meta name="Author" content="naba mohammed &lt;naba_moha06@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2909" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="naba mohammed &lt;naba_moha06@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F6B1BA3EEE93418B841C14E4560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>FROM:MR NABA MOHAMMED</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MR NABA MOHAMMED
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A D B)
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO.


Dear Sir/Madam,

                        (PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL)

I am NABA MOHAMMED the MANAGER in charge of BILL AND EXCHANGE section of 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A D B) Ouagadougou Burkina-Faso in West 
Africa.With due respect and egard I have decided to contact you on a 
business transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end 
of the transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died on 
November  2001 in a plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his account 
with this Bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his 
family or relation before my discovery to this development.

Although personally, I keep this information secret within myself to enable 
the whole plans and idea be Profitable and successful during the time of 
execution. The said amount was sum of $ TWENTY TWO MILLION THREE HUNDRED 
THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS ($22.3m)

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the 
Bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required approval and transfer 
this money to a foreign account has been put in place and directives and 
needed information will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your 
interest and willingness to assist me and also benefit your self to this 
great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant(A Banker),we are not allowed to operate a foreign 
account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of 
transfer because I work in this bank. This is the actual reason why it will 
require a second party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of kin 
to the Bank and also present a foreign account where he will need the money 
to be re-transferred into on his request as it may be after due verification 
and clarification by the correspondent branch of the bank where the whole 
money will be remitted from to your own designation bank account.I don't 
want this money to go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.Our Banking 
law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained  unclaimed 
after five years, the money will be transferred into the Bank  treasury as 
unclaimed fund.The request of  foreigner as next of kin in this business is 
occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe 
cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On 
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 5% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone 
bills, while 65% will be for me. Please, you have been adviced to keep "top 
secret" as I am still in service and intend to retire from service after I 
conclude this deal with you.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm 
the money in your account and ask me to come down to your country for 
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and further investment, either in your country or any country you advice us 
to invest in.

All other necessary vital information will be sent to you when I hear from 
you.
I look forward to receive your email.

Yours faithfully,
Mr NABA MOHAMMED HOME ADDRESS:288 QUEAZIN
FERDINAND AVENUE OUAGADOUGOU
BURKINA-FASO.

_________________________________________________________________
Ten : profite de ton Messenger en illimité sur ton mobile !  
http://mobile.live.fr/messenger/ten/



</p>

</body></html>