<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="N.N.P.C ( STRICTLY   FOR  YOU )" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;LEO  WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="LEO  WILLIAMS &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="leowilliams3@ipost.cz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-28T04:01:21Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="leowilliams3@ipost.cz" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="leowilliams3@ipost.cz" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="N.N.P.C ( STRICTLY   FOR  YOU )" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200306280410.h5S4AKU26288@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;LEO  WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="LEO  WILLIAMS &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;LEO  WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="LEO  WILLIAMS &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-28T04:01:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-28T04:01:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jun 28 00:10:24 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200306280410.h5S4AKU26288@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="LEO  WILLIAMS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;LEO  WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="LEO  WILLIAMS &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-290" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="LEO  WILLIAMS &lt;leowilliams3@ipost.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200306280410.h5S4AKU26288@suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>N.N.P.C ( STRICTLY   FOR  YOU )</title>
</head>
<body><p>
RE CONFIDENTIAL
Dear Sir/Ceo,

I am, DR.LEO WILLIAMS, a director with the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation Contract award monitoring committee. It is with trust and
confidence that I make this urgent and important business proposal to you on
behalf of my colleagues . Actually,I would have contacted you by surface
mail but for the urgency and the confidentiality this transaction demands
hence i decided to contact you via email.

My colleagues and I are members of the Contract Award Committee (CAC) of the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). My colleagues have mandated
me to look for a trustworthy company into whose account some funds is to be
transferred.

We are in our possession vital approved documents to remit the sum of Thirty
Million  United States Dollars (US$30,000,000.00)
incurred from returns of our OPEC Oil sale which we want to transfer to a
reliable safe foreign bank account in your country for our mutual benefits,
as we intend to invest into lucrative business venture, in your country with
your advice all we require from you is to provide us a safe bank account for
theremittance of the fund and also to help source for lucrative long
terminvestment to invest part of this fund.

We are willing to offer to you upon negotiation an aggreable percentage of
the total sum and profit accruing from investment plans. We are absolutely
sure and positive that this arrangement will be of mutual benefit to us, and
think that your crave indulgence to treat this proposal with utmost trust
and seriousness.

We will fly over to meet with you, as soon as the money is transferred to
your account for the disbursement of the fund and business plans, please
note that this fund in question is not an illegal money, as all vital
approved papers for the transfer will be sent to you as soon as we receive
your banking information such as completed particulars of the bank account
where you wish the fund to be transferred.

The nature of your company?s business is irrelevant to this transaction, as
all arrangements have been concluded for a successful and hitch-free
transaction.

We have taken measures to ensure that there is no risk involved on both
parties; we have estimated that this transaction will be concluded within 14
working days on receipt of your acceptance to this proposal. Most important
to send back to me now: Your private telephone, fax numbers: Name and
address of your bank: phone and fax
numbers: Your name, company name and address: Bank account and particulars.

My colleagues and I have had some fruitful discussion with relevant top
officials of both the Federal Ministry of Finance (FMF) and Central Bank of
Nigeria (CBN) and they have agreed to co-operate in the transfer. An
application for funds transfer shall be made at the appropriate ministries
in favour of the beneficiary (you or your company). Thereafter, your company
shall be officially regarded as having executed the contract for the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for which payment is being
made.

This process makes the operation legal according to the laws of the Federal
Republic of Nigeria. Please treat this transaction as strictly confidential,
as we are civil servants who are not entitled to operate a foreign
account.While thanking you for your envisaged co-operation.

I await your immediate response through email address or fax. Best Regards,

LEO WILLIAMS







</p>

</body></html>