<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Your Response Needed ASAP " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;muhamed bello&quot; &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="muhamed bello &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-09T22:52:37Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="muhamed_bello7@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY7-F6BFF6E9B0752E1BDEA5D285550@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="muhamed_bello7@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Your Response Needed ASAP " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="09 Aug 2006 22:52:41.0590 (UTC) FILETIME=[851F8960:01C6BC06]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	 Wed, 9 Aug 2006 15:52:41 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F6BFF6E9B0752E1BDEA5D285550@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;muhamed bello&quot; &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="muhamed bello &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;muhamed bello&quot; &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="muhamed bello &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-09T22:52:37Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="MUHAMED_BELLO7@LATINMAIL.COM," />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-09T22:52:37Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="09 Aug 2006 22:52:41.0590 (UTC) FILETIME=[851F8960:01C6BC06]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug  9 18:52:54 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 9 Aug 2006 15:52:41 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="muhamed bello" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;muhamed bello&quot; &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="muhamed bello &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2920" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="muhamed bello &lt;muhamed_bello33@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F6BFF6E9B0752E1BDEA5D285550@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Your Response Needed ASAP </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR.MUHAMED BELLO
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING MANAGER ,
BANK OF AFRICAN B.O.A
OUAGADOUGOU-BURKINA FASO.

DEAR FRIEND ,

I AM THE MANAGER OF AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING AT THE FOREIGN REMITTANCE 
DEPARTMENT OF BANK OF AFRICAN) HERE IN OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO. IN MY 
DEPARTMENT WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF US$12.5M DOLLARS (TWELVE 
MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THAUSAND US DOLLARS) IN AN ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE 
OF OUR FOR EIGN CUSTOMER (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER FROM MUNICH, GERMANY) WHO 
DIED ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY IN JULLY 2000 IN A PLANE CRASH. SINCE WE 
GOT INFORMATION ABOUT HIS DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING HIS NEXT OF KIN TO 
COME OVER AND CLAIM HIS MONEY BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE IT UNLESS SOME BODY 
APPLIES FOR IT AS NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED AS INDICATED IN 
OUR BANKING GUIDLINGS AND LAWS BUT UNFORTUNATELY WE LEARNT THAT ALL HIS 
SUPPOSED NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION DIED ALONGSIDE WITH HIM AT THE PLANE CRASH 
LEAVING NOBODY BEHIND FOR THE CLAIM.IT IS THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT 
I NOW DECIDED TO MAKE THIS BUSINESS PROPOSAL TO YOU AND RELEASE THE MONEY TO 
YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND SUBSEQUENT 
DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT AND WE DON'T WANT THIS MONEY TO 
GO INTO THE BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED BILL.THE BANKING LAW AND GUIDLINE 
HERE STIPULATES THAT IF SUCH MONEY REMAINED UNCLAIMED AFTER FIVE YEARS, THE 
MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERED INTO THE BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED FUND. THE 
REQUEST OF FOREIGNER AS NEXT OF KIN IN THIS BUSINESS IS OCCASSIONED BY THE 
FACT THAT THE CUSTOMER WAS A FOREIGNER AND A BURKINABE CANNOT STAND AS NEXT 
OF KIN TO A FOREIGNER.

I AGREE THAT 30% OF THIS MONEY WILL BE FOR YOU AS A RESPECT TO THE PROVISION 
OF A FORIEGN ACCOUNT ,10% WILL BE SET ASIDE FOR EXPENSES INCURRED DURING THE 
BUSINESSAND 60% WOULD BE FOR ME THEREAFTER, I WILL VISIT YOUR COUNTRY FOR 
DISBURSEMENT ACCORDING TO THE PERCENTAGE INDICATED THEREFORE, TO ENABLE THE 
IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF THIS FUND TO YOU ARRANGED,YOU MUST APPLY FIRST TO THE 
BANK AS RELATION OR NEXT OF KIN OF THE DECEASED WITH A TEXT OF APPLICATION 
THAT I WILL SEND TO YOU,SO I WILL LIKE YOU TO SEND TO ME YOUR PRIVATE 
TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER FOR EASY AND EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION AND LOCATION 
WHERE IN THE MONEY WILL BE REMITTED.UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR REPLY, I WILL SEND 
TO YOU BY FAX OR EMAIL THE TEXT OF THE APPLICATION.

I WILL NOT FAIL TO BRING TO YOUR NOTICE THIS TRANSACTION IS HITCH-FREE AND 
THAT YOU SHOULD NOT ENTERTAIN ANY ATOM OF FEAR AS ALL REQUIRED ARRANGEMENTS 
HAVE BEEN MADE FOR THE TRANSFER. YOU SHOULD CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY AS SOON 
AS YOU RECEIVE THIS LETTER WRITING ME TO MY PRIVATE EMAIL 
ADDRESS:MUHAMED_BELLO7@LATINMAIL.COM,
TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM YOU IMMEDIATELY.

YOURS FAITHFULLY,

1. FULL NAME
2. YOUR TELEPHONE NUMBER AND FAX NUMBER
3. YOUR CONTACT ADDRESS.

MR.MUHAMED BELLO

_________________________________________________________________
Testez Windows Llive Mail Beta ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>