<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="193.220.178.225" />
<meta name="subject" content="Mrs Teressa Stevens." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Teressa Stevens.&quot; &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs.Teressa Stevens. &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-14T11:38:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sealed@kaixo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mrs_teressastevens@myway.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1155555510.44e060b627577@imp5-g19.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mrs_teressastevens@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mrs Teressa Stevens." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2	by imp5-g19.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP 	for &lt;chukwuma9@127.0.0.1&gt;; Mon, 14 Aug 2006 13:38:30 +0200" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1155555510.44e060b627577@imp5-g19.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Teressa Stevens.&quot; &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs.Teressa Stevens. &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs.Teressa Stevens.&quot; &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs.Teressa Stevens. &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-14T11:38:30Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 for &lt;chukwuma9@127.0.0.1&gt;; Mon, 14 Aug 2006 13:38:30 +0200 a" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-14T11:38:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug 14 07:39:42 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt; by imp5-g19.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP God" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs.Teressa Stevens." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs.Teressa Stevens.&quot; &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs.Teressa Stevens. &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="193.220.178.225" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2926" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs.Teressa Stevens. &lt;sealed@kaixo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1155555510.44e060b627577@imp5-g19.free.fr&gt;" />
<title>Mrs Teressa Stevens.</title>
</head>
<body><p>
My Dear Friend in the Lord,

In a brief, I am Mrs Teressa Stevens, Wife of late Mr Stevens James, a white
farmer, murdered by unknown assailants 2003 in Zimbabwe.

My husband was a white farmer in Zimbabwe who was brutally murdered in the land
dispute in Zimbabwe by the agents of the ruling government of President ROBERT
MUGABE for his alleged support and sympathy for the opposition MDC PARTY led by
the minority white farmers. My husband was among the few white rich farmers
murdered in cold blood by the war veterans backed by the government. Before the
death of my husband, he deposit the sum of US$20.5M (Twenty Million Five hundred
thousand United State Dollars) with one of the Financial Institution, as if he
knew the looming danger in ZIMBABWE. We were married for twelve years and God
blessed us with two children.

Presently this money is still with the Financial Institution. Recently, my
Doctor told me that I might not last for the next Eight months due to an
inflammation of my liver. This has led to my being on 24 hours intensive care,
in a private clinic here in Cotonou Rep. of Benin. I am tired of living like
this.

I have decided to donate part of this fund to an individual, group or a charity
organisation that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein
while half of the money shall be kept for the betterment of my children. I want
an individual, or Charity Organisation that will use this fund for orphanages,
widows, and helping land mine victims worldwide.

I took this decision because my husband's relatives are Trouble Makers and I
don't want my husband's efforts to be used for trivialities I do not want a
situation where my husband's sweat will be used in material pursuits. This is
why I am taking this decision.

As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact name of my lawyer,
telephone number and email address who will issue you a letter of authority
that will prove you the present beneficiary of this fund.

Please ensure to contact me immediately to enable me direct you to my lawyer.

Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this
same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated
herein.

Hope to receive your reply.

Remain blessed.

Yours Sister,
Mrs Teressa Stevens.


</p>

</body></html>