<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-senderip" content="193.220.188.198" />
<meta name="subject" content="we need your assistance with good faith" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?makathy?= &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="makathy &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="makathy@libero.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?makathy?= &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="makathy &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="makathy@libero.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-type" content="0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="we need your assistance with good faith" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SenderIP" content="193.220.188.198" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;HH6H1V$D0785EFA25BBE2412C6B46BEDCA65DCD@libero.it&gt; and the box containing team. =0D=0A=0D=0AMy father deposited the fund fo=" />
<meta name="creator" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?makathy?= &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="makathy &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?makathy?= &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="makathy &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-XaM3-API-Version" content="3.3 (B31) pl4" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jun 28 02:08:48 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;makathy@libero.it&gt; to your country.=0D=0A=0D=0ASOURCE OF THE MONEY =0D=0AMy late father, ch=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;HH6H1V$D0785EFA25BBE2412C6B46BEDCA65DCD@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-type" content="0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 me claim this fund from the BANK asco-beneficiary.=0D=0A-To transfer thi=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="makathy" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?makathy?= &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="makathy &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-xam3-api-version" content="3.3 (B31) pl4" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-291" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="makathy &lt;makathy@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;HH6H1V$D0785EFA25BBE2412C6B46BEDCA65DCD@libero.it&gt; and the box containing team. =0D=0A=0D=0AMy father deposited the fund fo=" />
<title>we need your assistance with good faith</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear, 

Please I am Mr Makathy Adams, the only son of late chief Adams Williams from Sierra Leone. I got your contact from the Ecowas Infomation Center in Cote d'Ivoire. My sources of your contact gave me the courage and confidence to rely on you. I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance to transfer our cash of twenty one million eight hundred dollars ($21,800,000) now in the custody of a BANK here in Abidjan to your private account pending our arrival to your country.

SOURCE OF THE MONEY 
My late father, chief Adams Williams, a native of mende district in the Northern province of Sierra
Leone, was the general Manager of Sierra Leone mining co-operation (S.L.M.C.) Freetown. According to my father. This money was the income accrued from mining co-operation's over draft and minor sales. Before the peak of the civil war between the rebels forces of major Paul Koroma and the combined forces of ECOMOG peace keeping operation that almost destroyed my country, following the forceful removal from power ofthe Civilian Elected President Ahmed Tejan Kabbah by the rebels. My father had already made arrangement for his family, my mother, my little sister and myself to be evacuated to Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire with our personal effects and the box containing team. 

My father deposited the fund for the safe custody until after the war when he will join us. During the war in my country, and following the indiscriminate looting of public and Government properties by the rebel forces, the sierra Leone mining coop. Was one of the targets looted and destroyed.
My father including other top Government functionaries Were attacked and killed by the rebels in November 1999 because of his relationship with the civilian Government of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah. As a result of my father death, and with the news of my uncles involvement in air crash in January, dashed our hope of survival. The untimely deaths caused my mothers heart failure and other related complications of which she later died in the hospital After we must have spent a lot of money on her. Now my 16-year-old sister and myself are alone in this strange country suffering without any care or help.Without any relation, we are now like refugees and orphans. Our only hope now is in fund our father deposited in the BANK.

To this effect, I humbly solicit your assistance in the followings ways.

-To assist me claim this fund from the BANK asco-beneficiary.
-To transfer this money in your name to your country.
-To make a good arrangement for a joint business investment on our behalf in your country and you,
thecaretaker.
-To secure a college for my little sister and my self in your country to further our education.
-And to make arrangement for our travel with you toyour country after you have transferred this fund.

Most importantly. The whole documents issued after deposit in my custody. For your assistance, I
beg to concede 15 % of this money to you for your efforts assistance .

Best regards

Makathy Adams
















 
  
   
 
 
 



</p>

</body></html>