<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[41.208.139.80] " />
<meta name="subject" content="U.B.P.!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Esau Chirwa&quot; &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Esau Chirwa &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-user" content="[trMuxXE64J]" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="Chirwa@adb.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-17T21:07:16Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="MgChirwa@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;trMuxXE64J$41.208.139.80$.44e4da72.be003.5df2.11858@sulphur.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="MgChirwa@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="U.B.P.!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;trMuxXE64J$41.208.139.80$.44e4da72.be003.5df2.11858@sulphur.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Esau Chirwa&quot; &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Esau Chirwa &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Esau Chirwa&quot; &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Esau Chirwa &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-17T21:07:16Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-17T21:07:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-User" content="[trMuxXE64J]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Aug 17 17:07:05 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Esau Chirwa" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Esau Chirwa&quot; &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Esau Chirwa &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[41.208.139.80]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2935" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Esau Chirwa &lt;Chirwa@adb.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;trMuxXE64J$41.208.139.80$.44e4da72.be003.5df2.11858@sulphur.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<title>U.B.P.!</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:Mr. Esau Chirwa,
Dear Sir/Madam,
URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL
Email: MgChirwa@katamail.com
Tel:+221 4409966


Firstly I must solicit your confidence in this transaction, this is by virtue of the nature as being utterly confidential.Hence i have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction. I am Mr. Esau P. Chirwa from the African Development Bank Senegal,On June 6, 1999, an American Oil contractor, Mr. Charles Ball made a fixed deposit for twelve months,valued at €5,500,000.00 Euros Five million, Five hundred thousand Euros)in my branch upon maturity, we sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.A month after, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers,the Petroleum Corporation that Mr.Charles Ball died in the plane crash On October 31, 1999,(an  Egypt air Boeing 767 Flight 990)with other passengers on board.

Upon this discovery, I seek your permission to have you stand as next of kin to Mr. Charles Ball so that the funds Five million, Five hundred thousand Euros) can be released and paid into your account as the next of kin otherwise the fund will be returned to the treasury as unclaimed funds which will subsequently be reverted to the ownership of the Senegal government and will be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further enhance the course of war in the World.

Consequently, in return for your service and assistance you will be entitled to 30% of this money, 10% will go to settle all expenses incurred during the process of this transaction,while the balance 60% will go to us Please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavour by furnishing me with the following;

1)Your Full Name and Official Mailing Address
2)Your private / official telephone and fax number.

The paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the branch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.Upon your response, I shall provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.I advice that a healthy degree of caution be exercised before conclusions are reached by your good self. Please if this proposal is acceptable by you, do not take undue advantage of the trust I have bestowed on you.

I will appreciate your sincere response.

Warm Regards,
Mr. Esau P. Chirwa.
Tel+221 4409966




</p>

</body></html>