<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="62.56.133.117" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Duru Nbeki." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-22T11:24:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="durunbeki12@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="durunbeki@myway.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="durunbeki@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Duru Nbeki." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-22T11:24:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2 Kind Time of the day" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-22T11:24:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug 22 07:28:01 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 I look forward to a" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Duru Nbeki" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="62.56.133.117" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2947" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Duru Nbeki &lt;durunbeki12@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>From Duru Nbeki.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Zulberg Closeoff 
Ernest Oppenheimer 
Road Bruma Lake, 
Johannesburg,
2196 
South Africa.     
 
 Kind Time of the day          
 

Please 
forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as a surprise I got 
your contact from a database found in internet while searching for a 
reliable and honest person that will assist me. I was divinely inspired 
to pick your name among other names found in the Internet database. 
  
My name is Duru Nbeki,and I work in the International operation 
department in a Local Bank here in South Africa. On a routine 
inspection I discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL. Of 
36,000,000 (Thirty Six Million USD) on further discreet investigation, 
I also discovered that the account holder has long since passed away 
(dead)leaving no beneficiary to the account.
 
The bank will approve 
this money to any foreigner because the former operator of the a/c is a 
foreigner and from Iraq in particular and I am certainly sure that he 
is dead, and nobody will come again for the claim of this money A 
foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims to the account 
Holder;therefore I need your cooperation in this transaction to get 
this money transfered into your safety hand.
I will provide the 
necessary information needed in order to claim this money, But you will 
need to open an account where this can be transferred.
 
If interested 
send your private Telephone No. And Fax number including full details 
of the account to be used for the Deposit I wish for utmost 
confidentiality in handling this  transaction as my job and the future 
of my family would be jeopardized if it were breached.

I want to 
assure you that the transaction is without risk if due process is 
followed accordingly. Finally,I will give you 35% for your corporation 
after a successful competion of the business.
 I look forward to a 
favorable response from you through this email :durunbeki@myway.com

Thanks.
Mr,Duru Nbeki.	



</p>

</body></html>