<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="USE FOR THE LESS PRIVILEGED?" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Isabella Caromel&quot; &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs.Isabella Caromel &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-24T09:09:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Mrs.Isabella Caromel&quot; &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="USE FOR THE LESS PRIVILEGED?" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200608240909.k7O99BM9013675@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Isabella Caromel&quot; &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs.Isabella Caromel &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Rating" content="smtp4.aruba.it 1.6.2 0/1000/N" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs.Isabella Caromel&quot; &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs.Isabella Caromel &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-24T09:09:01Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-24T09:09:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="UebiMiau 2.7.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-IP" content="196.207.13.82" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-rating" content="smtp4.aruba.it 1.6.2 0/1000/N" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Aug 24 05:09:17 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200608240909.k7O99BM9013675@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="&quot;Mrs.Isabella Caromel&quot; &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs.Isabella Caromel" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs.Isabella Caromel&quot; &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs.Isabella Caromel &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Medium" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="UebiMiau 2.7.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Medium" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2951" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-ip" content="196.207.13.82" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs.Isabella Caromel &lt;mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200608240909.k7O99BM9013675@awakenings.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>USE FOR THE LESS PRIVILEGED?</title>
</head>
<body>--
Good day
Private Message to you,



This is an
important message to you.The lord directs me to share this with you. As you
read the mail, you should sympathize with my current situation and assist
me. My name is Isabella Carmel the only survivor from family of four. I was
narrowly escaped from the tsunami disaster which affected my spinal cord and
also my ear drum and claim the lifes of my entire family, husband (Denis
caromel) and two sons (Ugo and Tom) who went for holidays in
Sri-Lanka.


Right now I am currently in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
After staying a week in my family hospital, I was disabled by the
catastrophe and now on a wheel cheer after all the treatment.This has
defiled all forms of medicine and right now I have only about a few months
to live, according to medical experts.I have not lived my life so well as my
primary interest and focus was only on my late fathers business. Though my
father is very rich and was never generous. But now I regret all this, as I
know that there is more in life than just wanting to have or make all the
money in the world.The bible says what shall it profit a man to wine the
whole world and loose his soul. I believe when God gives me a second chance
to come to this world I will live my life a different way from how I have
lived before. I have willed and given most of my fathers properties to the
less privileges because I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul.
I have decided to give arms to charity organizations and give succor and
comfort to the less privileged in our societies. I want this to be one of
the last good deeds I do on earth since my father has never recognized
that.


So far I have to distribute money to charity organizations
now that my health has deteriorated so badly,I cannot do this myself anymore
that is why am soliciting your assistant to make this donation through you.
The last of my late fathers money that am willing to donate to the less
privileged right now is the huge sum of $10.6M USD that is concealed in a
consignment and deposited in (OVERSEA CREDIT COMMISSION ABROAD) for
safekeeping which he intends to invest on profitable factory. 


I
want you to help me claim this funds where is deposited and disburse it to
charity organizations and the less privileged in the society.Please I will
appreciate you to indicate interest for the disbursement and also include
your contact telephone/fax numbers that I will forward to the(OVERSEA CREDIT
COMMISSION ABROAD) to be able to contact you as the appointed beneficiary. I
will provide you the certificate of deposit and the letter of authority to
enable you claim the consignment of the funds.

If you are willing and
ready to assist with this project,please e-mail me at
mrslsabellacaromel_1950@yahoo.it without delay, while I wait to hear from
you.Thanks once again for your kindness may God guide and reward you in all
your endeavors as you make me realize my last dreams and
wishes.



Remain blessed,
Mrs.Isabella Caromel





________________________________________________

Cristina
Fusi WebMail - Message sent using UebiMiau 2.7.2




</body></html>