<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Re: Your attention needed." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-information" content="your private phone number and email address willenable us s=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//sluzby.tiscali.cz/domacnosti/adsl/adsl-512-promo.php?r=3Dpb" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nzettay@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Re: Your attention needed." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nzettay@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="creator" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nzettay@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="President/Director," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Aug 25 09:24:15 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nzettay@tiscali.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="Author" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2954" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="nzettay@tiscali.cz" />
<title>Re: Your attention needed.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attention: President/Director,

I am the chairman of the contract award committee of the Gold and Natural
resources ministry here in Dakar Senegal, for security reasons, I may not
wish to disclose the most important thing for now until I hear from you.


After due deliberation with my partner, I decided to forward to you this
business proposal, we want you to assist us receive the sum of Twenty  million
united state bills  into your account. This fund resulted from an over-invoiced
contract awarded by us under the budget allocation to my ministry and the
bill was approved for  payment by the concerned ministries. The contract
was executed, commissioned and the contractor was paid his actual cost of
the contract. Now, we are left with the balance of Twenty  million dollars
as the over invoiced amount, which we have deliberately over estimated for
our own use. Please note that the law forbids civil servants to operate or
own foreign accounts hence this contact, we have agreed to share the money
in the following percentages: 30 for you, 60 for us 10 for tax as may be
required by your government, because we don?t need anything will delay this
money when it arrive in your bank account.

Note that this transaction is very much free from all sorts of risk hence
the business was carefully planned before it was successfully executed and
we the officials involved in the deal have put many years in service to our
ministry. We have been exercising patience for this privilege for so long
not until the presidential announcement last week, that all foreign contractors
owed be paid forthwith, this will enable the presidency reconcile our debt
ratio with the outside world and to most of us, this is a lifetime blessing
we cannot afford to miss.

Upon indication of your interest to fully co-operate with us, a payment application/information
form will be sent to you via email for completion.  Note that the following
information:  your private phone number and email address willenable us seek/secure
approval of the fund from the concerned government quarters/ministries within
3-4 banking days.  As soon as we confirm receipt of this money in your nominated
bank account, my partner and I will come over to your country to arrange
for our own share and possibly invest part of this  money in your country.
Let honesty and trust be our watchword throughout this transaction.

I shall furnish you with some details about myself. Your prompt reply will
be highly appreciated.

Best regards.

Engr. Zani Duruh


______________________________________
Superrychlý internet od TISCALI na 3 mìsíce za pouhé 3 Kè!

http://sluzby.tiscali.cz/domacnosti/adsl/adsl-512-promo.php?r=pb





</p>

</body></html>