<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY SIR, PLZ REPLY ME SOONEST" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;sami yusuf&quot; &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="sami yusuf &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-29T02:23:49Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="yusuf_sami001@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F23E5E3CCAF3B95B90A770DF7390@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="yusuf_sami001@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY SIR, PLZ REPLY ME SOONEST" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="29 Aug 2006 02:23:50.0235 (UTC) FILETIME=[2A129AB0:01C6CB12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 28 Aug 2006 19:23:50 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F23E5E3CCAF3B95B90A770DF7390@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;sami yusuf&quot; &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="sami yusuf &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;sami yusuf&quot; &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="sami yusuf &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-29T02:23:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-29T02:23:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="29 Aug 2006 02:23:50.0235 (UTC) FILETIME=[2A129AB0:01C6CB12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug 28 22:24:08 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt; Mon, 28 Aug 2006 19:23:50 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="sami yusuf" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;sami yusuf&quot; &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="sami yusuf &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2966" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="sami yusuf &lt;yusuf_sami_025@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F23E5E3CCAF3B95B90A770DF7390@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY SIR, PLZ REPLY ME SOONEST</title>
</head>
<body><p>
FROM THE DESK OF DR YUSUF SAMI.
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
BANK OF AFRICA(BOA)
OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO.




Dear friend ,

I am the manager of bill and exchange at FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.BANK OF 
AFRICA(BOA)I am writing, following the impressive information about you 
through one of my friends who runs a consultancy firm in your country. He 
assured me of your capability and releability to champion this
business opportunity.

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of U.S$10m US dollars (Ten 
Million US dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign 
customer who died along with his entire family on Monday,31 July, 2000,in a 
plane crash. Since we got information about his death, we have been 
expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot 
release it unless
somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as 
indicated in our banking guidlines and laws but unfortunately we learnt that 
all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the 
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I and other officials in my department now decided to make 
this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of 
kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since 
nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the
bank treasury as unclaimed bill. The banking law and guidline here 
stipulates that if such money
remained unclaimed after four years, the money will be transfered into the 
bank treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreign as next of kin in 
this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner 
and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

We agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a foreign partner, in 
respect to the provision of a foreign account, 5% will be set aside for 
expenses incured during the business and 65% would be for me and my 
colleagues. There after I and my colleagues will visit your country for 
disbursement according to the percentages indicated.

Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as arranged, 
you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased 
indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone 
and fax number for easy and effective communication and location
wherein the money will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or e-mail the text of 
the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this 
transaction is risk-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear 
as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.
You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter for 
more explanations.

Yours faithfully,
DR YUSUF SAMI.

_________________________________________________________________
Découvrez Windows Live Messenger : le futur de MSN Messenger ! 
www.windowslivemessenger.fr



</p>

</body></html>