<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="Letter  From Smith" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Scanned" content="Symantec AntiVirus Scan Engine" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ttss752006@yahoo.com.hk " />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="Boundary_(ID_VZn/7XX79dYjUahKzDmVbQ)" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Letter  From Smith" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ttss752006@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;c568aecb71685.71685c568aecb@nyroc.rr.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 Tue, 29 Aug 2006 09:12:26 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;c568aecb71685.71685c568aecb@nyroc.rr.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com " />
<meta name="creator" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 boundary=&quot;Boundary_(ID_VZn/7XX79dYjUahKzDmVbQ)&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;FLOAN@twcny.rr.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 2.10 (built Dec 26 2005)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-scanned" content="Symantec AntiVirus Scan Engine" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug 29 09:12:38 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;FLOAN@twcny.rr.com&gt; Tue, 29 Aug 2006 09:12:26 -0400 (EDT) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com " />
<meta name="Author" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 2.10 (built Dec 26 2005)" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2967" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="FLOAN@twcny.rr.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;c568aecb71685.71685c568aecb@nyroc.rr.com&gt;" />
<title>Letter  From Smith</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>Direct and private cell number +447040114795</p>


<p>Direct and private Telephone + 447040121012</p>


<p>Direct and private fax number +447005804255</p>


<p>Dear Friend,</p>


<p>I am Mr. T. Smith, deputy senior regional manager at Lloyds TSB Commercial Finance in Yorkshire. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. </p>


<p>On June 6, 2000, Mr. Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for forty-eight months, (being four years) valued at US$40,000,000.00, (forty Million, Dollars) in my branch.</p>


<p>Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his employers, that Mr. Barry Kelly died from tsunami on his holidays in Thailand 26 December 2004. On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless.</p>


<p>I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$40,000,000 has carefully been moved out of my bank to a security company for safekeeping.</p>


<p>No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to British Law, at the expiration of (three) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the British Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.</p>


<p>Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you to stand in as the owner of the money I deposited it in a security company in two trunk boxes though the security company does not know the contents of the boxes as I tagged them to be photographic materials for export. I am writing you because I as a public servant (Manager with the bank), I cannot operate a foreign account or have an account that is more than $1m.</p>


<p>I want to present you as the owner of the boxes in the security company so you can be able to claim them with the help of my attorney. This is simple. I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the as the owner of the boxes.</p>


<p>The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me and 30% for you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.</p>


<p>If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.</p>


<p>Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in (Buying of properties like houses, hotels and doing charity works etc)</p>


<p>Please do send me your private/mobile telephone fax number so that we can have a smooth communication.</p>


<p>Awaiting your urgent reply ONLY via my email ( ttss7520062006@mixmail.com )</p>


<p>Thanks and regards.</p>


<p>TONY SMITH</p>


<p> </p>


<p>N.B</p>


<p>Reply me only on this my alternative email</p>


<p>ttss7520062006@mixmail.com</p>


<p> </p>


<p> </p>


<p> </p>


</body></html>