<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="george_path50@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="REPLY URGENTLY PLEASE. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;george path&quot; &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="george path &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//desktop.msn.fr/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="george_path50@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-30T16:01:57Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="george_path01@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY15-F73D62F1A67FEF49DA66B6F03E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="george_path01@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPLY URGENTLY PLEASE. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="30 Aug 2006 16:01:59.0210 (UTC) FILETIME=[9FCB80A0:01C6CC4D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 30 Aug 2006 09:01:59 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F73D62F1A67FEF49DA66B6F03E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[george_path50@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;george path&quot; &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="george path &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;george path&quot; &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="george path &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-30T16:01:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-30T16:01:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="30 Aug 2006 16:01:59.0210 (UTC) FILETIME=[9FCB80A0:01C6CC4D]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="george_path50@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 30 12:02:08 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[george_path50@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt; Wed, 30 Aug 2006 09:01:59 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="george path" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;george path&quot; &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="george path &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2971" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="george path &lt;george_path50@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F73D62F1A67FEF49DA66B6F03E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>REPLY URGENTLY PLEASE. </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend.


Attention Please,


I am Georg Path, the Director in charge of Auditing and Accounting section 
of AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B) Ouagadougou Burkina-faso West Africa. 
With due respect and regard. I have decided to contact you on a business 
transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end of the 
transaction .


During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died in a 
plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his account with this Bank 
without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his family or 
relation before our discovery to this development.


The said amount was U.S 18.4M (Eighteen Million,Four Hundred Thousand United 
States Dollars). As it may interest you to know, I got your impressive 
information through internet directory . Meanwhile all the whole arrangement 
to put claim over this fund as the bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get 
the required approval and transfer this money to a foreign account has been 
put in place and directives and needed information will be relayed to you as 
soon as you indicate your interest and willingness to assist, and also 
benefit your self to this great business opportunity.


In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant(A Banker),we are not allowed to operate a foreign 
account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of 
transfer because I work in this bank. This is the actual reason why it will 
require a second party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of kin 
with affidavit of trust of oath to the Bank and also present a foreign 
account where he will need the money to be re-transferred into on his 
request as it may be after due verification and clarification by the 
correspondent branch of the bank where the whole money will be remitted from 
to your own designation bank account.


I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free.On 
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 40% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 10% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone and 
internet bills, while 50% will be for me.  Please, you have been adviced to 
keep "Top Secret" as I am still in service and intend to retire from service 
after we conclude this deal with you.


I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm 
the money in your account and ask me to come down to your country for 
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and further investment, either in your country or any country you advice us 
to invest in. All other necessary vital nformation will be sent to you when 
I hear from you.


I look forward to receive your phone and fax numbers for easy communication,


Yours faithfully,


George Path.

_________________________________________________________________
Retrouvez tout en un clin d'oeil avec la barre d'outil MSN Search ! 
http://desktop.msn.fr/



</p>

</body></html>