<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="DEAR SIR PLEASE I NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN.&quot; &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN. &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-08-31T17:17:01Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="halima_abdul022@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="halima_abdul022@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DEAR SIR PLEASE I NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200608311709.k7VH9ven029046@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN.&quot; &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN. &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN.&quot; &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN. &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-08-31T17:17:01Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-08-31T17:17:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Aug 31 13:10:07 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200608311709.k7VH9ven029046@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN.&quot; &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN. &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2974" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MISS HALIMA ABDULRAHMAN. &lt;halima_abdul001@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200608311709.k7VH9ven029046@chaos.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>DEAR SIR PLEASE I NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,
(Assalamalaikum)
My name is Halima Abdulrahman,am 24 years old from Sierra-Leone, the only daughter of Dr.Usman Abdulrahman.Former Personal Assistance to the present Minister for Mines and Natural Resources in-charge of the diamond production sales in my country Sierra-Leone.
Unfortunately some months ago before the peace pact in my country, my father and his colleagues were killed by rebel group of Mr. Dunga Sankibo during an inspection visit to the rich diamond mining area in the village of Izumba, where the rebels laid an ambush and open fire on the convoy killing my father and some of his colleagues who where on their way to the diamond mining zone.
Following the peace pact that was introduce by the united nation keeping force some months back,my mother deem it fit to say that it is right time for us to leave the country for safety and for europe or any other stable economic bloc with the 6.3.million us.dollars six.three million dollars deposited by my late father in a finance house on my name as the next of kin or beneficiary,
I want you to assist us so that we can transfer this money to your account for safe keeping pending our arrival to your country, to start up an investment in your country through your wise advice. You will act as our international business representative and also my family business associate,so that we can transfer this money to your account for safe keeping.
We are now in Dakar-Senegal for the facilitation of this transaction.Please kindly communicate your acceptance or otherwise of this proposal through email address for us to discuss the modalities of seeing this transaction through.
However, if you are not disposed to assist kindly destroy the letter in view of the families interest and personal security. I count on you greatly for your assistance.
Please,if How i contacted you is not okay with you,do not hesitate to tell me and provide another address where i will be contacting you.A good percentage awaits you for your assistance.
Expecting to hear from you soon.
Yours Faithfully,
Miss Halima.




</p>

</body></html>