<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[213.136.117.74]" />
<meta name="subject" content="Greetings from Mrs. Estella " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-01T09:49:30Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=&quot;mailto" content="estellarichard2006@yahoo.ca&quot;&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;estellarichard2006@yahoo.ca&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/A&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;Mrs" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Greetings from Mrs. Estella " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-01T09:49:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-01T09:49:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;estella_2006@gawab.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Sep  1 05:44:59 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;estella_2006@gawab.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[213.136.117.74]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2976" />
<title>Greetings from Mrs. Estella </title>
</head>
<body>

Greetings from Mrs. Estella 
 PLOT 23 Felix
Avenue
 Abidjan -Cote
d.Ivoire
 
 Dear,
  
 It is my
pleasure to contact you for a business venture which I and
my  Son,intend to establish in your country. Though I have
not met with you 
 before but I believe, one has to risk
confiding in someone to succeed  sometimes in life. There
is this amount of Eight million, five hundred 
 thousand
United State Dollars($8.500,000) which my late Husband
deposited  with a security company in Abidjan Capital city
of Cote d.Ivoire which he  wanted to used for his political
reason in our Country before he was 
assassinated.
  
  Now I and my son have decided
to invest these money in your country or any  wheresafe
enough outside Africa for security and political reasons. We
want  youto help us claim and receive the consignment which
will be sent to you  through diplomatic meansto your
address to avoid any traces of the funds and to enable you plan
for theinvestment in your Country: I will like to invest 
part of the money into these three investment in your Country
but, if there  is any other business that is better
thanwhat I am suggestion, I will be 
 very glad to
follow your advice.
  
 1). Real
estate
 2). The transport industry
 3). Five
star hotel
  
 If you can be of an assistance to
us we will be pleased to offer to you 20%  Of the total
fund while the balance will be invested by you.
 I await
your soonest response.

 Respectfully
yours,
 
 
 PLEASE CONTACT ME THROUGH
THIS  EMAIL ADDRESS <a shape="rect" href="mailto:estellarichard2006@yahoo.ca">estellarichard2006@yahoo.ca</a>
 
  
 Mrs
Estella Richard 

 




________________________________

Free POP3 Email from <a shape="rect" href="http://www.gawab.com">www.gawab.com</a>

Sign up NOW and get your account @gawab.com!!



</body></html>