<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Private and Confidential." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Daniel Abass.&quot; &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Daniel Abass. &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="danielabass@afmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-06-30T15:22:12Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="danielabass@popmail.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="danielabass@popmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Private and Confidential." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200306300721.h5U7Lri29330@deadpool.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Daniel Abass.&quot; &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Daniel Abass. &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Daniel Abass.&quot; &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Daniel Abass. &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-06-30T15:22:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-06-30T15:22:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 30 03:22:03 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200306300721.h5U7Lri29330@deadpool.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Daniel Abass." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Daniel Abass.&quot; &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Daniel Abass. &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-296" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Daniel Abass. &lt;danielabass@afmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200306300721.h5U7Lri29330@deadpool.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title>Private and Confidential.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mr. Daniel Abass.
Direct Tel:234-803-3049003.

PRIVATE  AND  CONFIDENTIAL

RE: TRANSFER OF US$50.5Million Dollars.

Dear Friend,

My name is  Mr. Daniel Abass, an Accountant with the
Ajaokuta Steel Company Ltd (ASCL). I am the chiarman
of a committee set up by the Govrnment to investigate
contracts awarded by this company for the past seven
years, vetting and making payments on behalf of
Ajaokuta Steel Company Ltd (ASCL).


SUBJECT: After due consideration, we have fully agreed
to privately invest extensively in your country. I am
intending to resign from Government services to private
business with someother officials of my parastatal as
partners. I have specifically been mandated by my partners
to arrange with you for terms of trade and possible transfer
of the funds needed for the investment into your company’s
account or personal account.

This funds were incurred from an over invoiced
contract awarded to a Russian firm  during the regime
of Late Gen. Sani Abacha. The original value of these
contracts were purposely over estimated by us the
Tenders Board Committee to the tune of US$50.5M(Fifty
million,Five hundred Thousand Uinted States Dollars
only). Now that the firm has received their payment
fully, we want to transfer the over invoiced sum to
your company’s account and privately invest in any
profitable form of business.

The US$50.5M has since been approved for  Payment/remittance
among other payments that have been made. This money is now
floating in an escrow account of one the top commercial banks
in the country as redundant funds waiting to be claimed.
Because of our civil service code of conduct which
prohibits all Civil Servants owning a company or
operating a foreign account, I Therefore, solicit your
help to remit this funds into your company’s OR PERSONAL
account pending when we come over for the sharing.

To enable us process and remit this fund into your
bank account successfully within 10 banking days from
the day of your response, we need the following
information from you by a return E-MAIL.

(1).YOUR COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS (2)YOUR PRIVATE AND
CONFIDENTIAL TEL/FAX NUMBERS AND ADDRESS.

Note that as soon as we receive this information, it
will be forwarded to the appropriate quarters for
final processing and approvals. With this modality, it
makes it possible for your company to act as a
subsidiary of the original firm; and when satisfied by
the agency, your bank account will be credited via
Telegraphic Transfer by the Telegraphic Transfer
Department of the commercial bank within 48 hours.This
transfer is 100% risk-free having done all the
underground works locally for the smooth transfer of
the fund into your bank account within the shortest
period. I advice that you should keep this business a
top secret and rest all correspondences to E-mail and
phone only because I am occupying a sensitive position
in the government circle and also this is once in a
life time opportunity which I do not wish to loose.

We have jointly agreed to reward you with 20% of the
total sum for your honest assistance and co-operation
while 75% will be for my colleagues and I. And the
remaining 5% will be mapped out for settling all
expenses (local and foreign) incurred in the course of
this transaction.

Indicate your interest urgently by e-mail while you can
always reach me at anytime of the day on my directy telephone
number: 234-803-3049003 as soon as you get this mail.


Best Regards

Mr. Daniel Abass.
Direct Tel:234-803-3049003.







</p>

</body></html>