<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-senderip" content="212.52.152.194 telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and locati=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-terra-hash" content="575963408b7e260c321a8b136df6e819 CONFIDENTIAL IS THE CASE&quot;)" />
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSES." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sensitivity" content="3 of our foreign customer who died along with his entire family in (Monday=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;joe44jk&quot; &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt; unclamed after five years, the money will be transfered into the Bank tr=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="joe44jk &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O to move very smoothly in to the account you will prove to the bank.As yo=" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-02T06:46:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="joe44jk@terra.com.mx" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have =" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ; made for thetransfer." />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-terra-karma" content="0% (&quot;REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="_=__=_XaM3_.1157179613.2A.429828.42.13687.52.42.007.1423203046" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSES." />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;div&gt;&lt;strong&gt;phone" content="&lt;FONT color=3D#8000ff&gt;&lt;FONT color=3D#ff871e&gt;&lt;U&gt;00226-=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SenderIP" content="212.52.152.194" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable account you will prove to the bank.As you finished reading this letter c=" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;J4YDI5$880DE5867DD33E38099E58E864B6D7C0@terra.com.mx&gt; and" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;joe44jk&quot; &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt; unclamed after five years, the money will be transfered into the Bank tr=" />
<meta name="creator" content="joe44jk &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;joe44jk&quot; &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt; unclamed after five years, the money will be transfered into the Bank tr=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="joe44jk &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-02T06:46:53Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 boundary=&quot;_=__=_XaM3_.1157179613.2A.429828.42.13687.52.42.007.1423203046&quot; kin or relati on to the deceased as indica ted in our banking guidelines=" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-02T06:46:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-XaM3-API-Version" content="4.1 (B108)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-phone" content="00226-7885 75 97.       " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Terra-Karma" content="         0%" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Terra-Hash" content="575963408b7e260c321a8b136df6e819	Sat,  2 Sep 2006 02:46:53 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep  2 02:47:07 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt; Sat,  2 Sep 2006 02:46:53 -0400 (EDT) " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;J4YDI5$880DE5867DD33E38099E58E864B6D7C0@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 I am (Joe Kekabu Esq),the Head of file Department in African developen=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="joe44jk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;joe44jk&quot; &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt; unclamed after five years, the money will be transfered into the Bank tr=" />
<meta name="Author" content="joe44jk &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-xam3-api-version" content="4.1 (B108) business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner, an=" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2982" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="joe44jk &lt;joe44jk@terra.com.mx&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;J4YDI5$880DE5867DD33E38099E58E864B6D7C0@terra.com.mx&gt; and" />
<title>TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSES.</title>
</head>
<body>
The Head Of File Department,
African Development Bank A.D.B
Ouagadougou Burkina-Faso West Africa.
Phone: 00226-7885 75 97.       

PLANE CRASH WEB SITE...http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm. 

                         ("REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS
                                   CONFIDENTIAL IS THE CASE")


 


Compliments Of The Season 2006,


     Forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as a surprise and 
may offend your personality for contacting you without your prior consent and 
writing through this channel.I got your contact from the proffesional data base 
found in the internet Yahoo tourist search.When i was searching for a foreign reliable partner.I assured of your capability and reliability to champion this businees opportunity.

 

     After series of prayers/fasting.i was divinely directed to contact you 
among other names found in the data base Yahoo tourist search.I believe that God has a way of helping who is in need.

 

   I am (Joe Kekabu Esq),the Head of file Department in African developent bank (ADB).


In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of $ 15 million U.S.A dollars ( fifteen million U.S.A dollars) . In an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who died along with his entire family in (Monday 31st July 2000) in a plane crash. Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relati on to the deceased as indica ted in our banking guidelines, but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I and one official in my department now decided to make this businness proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don’t want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill.

The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained unclamed after five years, the money will be transfered into the Bank treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner, and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. We agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as foreign partner, in respect to the provision of a foreign account, 10 % will be set aside for expenses incured during the business and 60 % would be for me and my woman colleague. There after i will visit your country for disbursement according to the percentages indicated. 

Therefore to enable the immediate trnansfer of this fund to you as arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where the money will be remitted.Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of the application I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have been made for thetransfer. 

You should contact me on my number 00226-7885 75 97 immediately as soon as you receive this letter. Trusting to hear from you immediately. 

Your’s faithfully, 

Joe Kekabu (Esq.)

FROM (ADB) OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO.

GOD BLESSINGS,PROTECTIONS AND GUIDIANCE TO YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY.  

 

POST SCRITUM:You have to keep everything secret as to enable the transfer to move very smoothly in to the account you will prove to the bank.As you finished reading this letter call me immediately so that we discuss very well over this business.





</body></html>