<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM THE DESK OF: MR GEORGE KABORE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-04T10:46:28Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;23131.196.28.250.207.1157366788.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM THE DESK OF: MR GEORGE KABORE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3        Mon, 4 Sep 2006 12:46:28 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;23131.196.28.250.207.1157366788.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt; IN FACT I COULD HAVE DONE THIS DEAL ALONE BUT BECAUSE OF MY POSITION IN" />
<meta name="creator" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="creator" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-04T10:46:28Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 I HAVE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU ON A BUSINESS TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE VER=" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-04T10:46:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;george_kabore1@ozu.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep  4 06:47:11 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;george_kabore1@ozu.es&gt; Mon, 4 Sep 2006 12:46:28 +0200 (CEST) MEANWHILE ALL THE WHOLE ARRANGEMENT HAS BEEN IN PLACE FOR THE CLAIM AS." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="Author" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mobile" content="(00226 76086692" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2988" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="george_kabore1@ozu.es" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;23131.196.28.250.207.1157366788.squirrel@correo.ozu.es&gt; IN FACT I COULD HAVE DONE THIS DEAL ALONE BUT BECAUSE OF MY POSITION IN" />
<title>FROM THE DESK OF: MR GEORGE KABORE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF: MR GEORGE KABORE
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING SECTION,
AFRICAN DEVLOPMENT BANK ( A.D.B )
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO,WEST AFRICA.

ATTENTION PLEASE

I AM MR GEORGE KABORE THE DIRECTOR IN CHARGE OF AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING
SECTION OF AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B) OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO WEST
AFRICA. WITH DUE RESPECT AND REGARD.
 I HAVE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU ON A BUSINESS TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE VERY
BENEFICIAL TO BOTH OF US AT THE END OF THE TRANSACTION.  DURING OUR
INVESTIGATION AND AUDITING IN THIS BANK, MY DEPARTMENT CAME ACROSS A VERY
HUGE SUM OF MONEY BELONGING TO A DECEASED PERSON WHO DIED IN A PLANE
CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN DORMANT IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THIS BANK WITHOUT
ANY CLAIM OF THE FUND IN OUR CUSTOMER EITHER FROM HIS FAMILY OR RELATION
BEFORE OUR DISCOVERY TO THIS DEVELOPMENT.  THE SAID AMOUNT WAS (U.S
22.85M  DOLLARS). AS IT MAY INTEREST YOU TO KNOW, I GOT YOUR IMPRESSIVE
INFORMATION THROUGH INTERNET DIRECTORY.
 MEANWHILE ALL THE WHOLE ARRANGEMENT HAS BEEN IN PLACE FOR THE CLAIM AS.
THE BONAFIDE NEXT OF KIN TO THE DECEASED, GET THE REQUIRED APPROVAL AND
TRANSFER THIS MONEY TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT HAS BEEN PUT IN PLACE AND
DIRECTIVES AND NEEDED INFORMATION WILL BE RELAYED TO YOU AS SOON AS YOU
INDICATE YOUR INTEREST AND WILLINGNESS TO ASSIST, AND ALSO BENEFIT YOUR
SELF TO THIS GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.
 IN FACT I COULD HAVE DONE THIS DEAL ALONE BUT BECAUSE OF MY POSITION IN
THIS COUNTRY AS A CIVIL SERVANT (A BANKER), WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO OPERATE
A FOREIGN ACCOUNT AND WOULD EVENTUALLY RAISE AN EYE BROW ON MY SIDE
DURING THE TIME OF TRANSFER BECAUSE I WORK IN THIS BANK. THIS IS THE
ACTUAL REASON WHY IT WILL REQUIRE A SECOND PARTY OR FELLOW WHO WILL
FORWARD CLAIMS AS THE NEXT OF KIN WITH AFFIDAVIT OF TRUST OF OATH TO THE
BANK AND ALSO PRESENT A FOREIGN ACCOUNT WHERE HE WILL NEED THE MONEY TO
BE RE-TRANSFERRED INTO ON HIS REQUEST AS IT MAY BE AFTER DUE VERIFICATION
AND CLARIFICATION BY THE CORRESPONDENT BRANCH OF THE BANK WHERE THE WHOLE
MONEY WILL BE REMITTED FROM TO YOUR OWN DESIGNATION BANK ACCOUNT.
 I WILL NOT FAIL TO INFORM YOU THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 100% RISK FREE.ON
SMOOTH CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION, YOU WILL BE ENTITLED TO 30% OF THE
TOTAL SUM AS GRATIFICATION, WHILE 10% WILL BE SET ASIDE TO TAKE CARE OF
EXPENSES THAT MAY ARISE DURING THE TIME OF TRANSFER AND ALSO TELEPHONE
AND INTERNET BILLS, WHILE 60% WILL BE FOR ME AND MY COLEAGUES. PLEASE,
YOU HAVE BEEN ADVICED TO KEEP "TOP SECRET" AS I AM STILL IN SERVICE AND
INTEND TO RETIRE FROM SERVICE AFTER WE CONCLUDE THIS DEAL WITH YOU.
  I WILL BE MONITORING THE WHOLE SITUATION HERE IN THIS BANK UNTIL YOU
CONFIRM THE MONEY IN YOUR ACCOUNT AND ASK ME TO COME DOWN TO YOUR
COUNTRY FOR SUBSEQUENT SHARING OF THE FUND ACCORDING TO PERCENTAGES
PREVIOUSLY INDICATED AND FURTHER INVESTMENT, EITHER IN YOUR COUNTRY OR
ANY COUNTRY YOU ADVICE US TO INVEST IN. ALL OTHER NECESSARY VITAL
INFORMATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU WHEN I HEAR FROM YOU.
I LOOK FORWARD TO RECEIVE YOUR PHONE AND FAX NUMBERS FOR EASY COMMUNICATION,
YOURS FAITHFULLY,
MR GEORGE KABORE
MOBILE: (00226 76086692



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nueva Barra de Herramientas de OZÚ. Navega Más facilmente por Internet.
¡Descargatela gratis! http://barra.ozu.es/
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Correo enviado desde http://www.ozu.es


</p>

</body></html>