<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-errors-to" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="subject" content="COMPLIMENT FROM EMIRATES " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-04T11:24:41Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ilist-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ilist-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ilist-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="ilist-owner@lists.si.UM information I am about to reveal to you." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Errors-To" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="khalifa_abuhail1960@yahoo.no" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="3801b182-ec03-45c4-b006-86b9dd25f243" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="khalifa_abuhail1960@yahoo.no" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="COMPLIMENT FROM EMIRATES " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060904110514.2C379C0CF@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-To" content="ilist-owner@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-04T11:24:41Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 Mon,  4 Sep 2006 07:05:14 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-04T11:24:41Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Delivered-To" content="ilist-owner@lists.si.UM	for &lt;ilist-owner@lists.si.UM&gt;;	Mon,  4 Sep 2006 07:05:14 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Sep  4 07:25:11 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt; for &lt;ilist-owner@lists.si.UM&gt;; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060904110514.2C379C0CF@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Khalifa Abuhail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2989" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Khalifa Abuhail &lt;kh_ab1960@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060904110514.2C379C0CF@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="ilist-owner@lists.si.UM " />
<title>COMPLIMENT FROM EMIRATES </title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Greetings from Dubai,


This letter must come to you as a big surprise, but I believe it is only a day that people meet and become great friends and business partners. I am Mr. Khalifa Al Abuhail, currently Head of Coporate affairs with a reputable bank here in U. A. E. I write you this proposal in good faith, believing that I can trust you with the
 information I am about to reveal to you.

I have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. On November 6, 2000, an Iraqi Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the "SAUDI ARAMCO", MR. Khalil Al Nasser made a (Fixed deposit) for 36 calendar months, valued at US$17,500, 000.00 (Seventeen Million Five hundred Thousand Dollars only) in my bank and I happen to be his account officer before I was moved to my present position recently. Upon maturity in 2003,as his account officer and as well the bank manger, it is my duty to notify him on the maturity date so I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but the letter was returned undelivered.


After sometime, I tried sending back the letter,but it was again returned and finally I discovered from his contract employers, Chevron Petroleum Corporation that Mr.Khalil Al Nasser died as a result of torture in the hand of Saddam Hussein (former Iraqi President) during one of his trips to his country Iraq, as he was accused of leaking information to the Americans. On further investigation, I discovered that Mr. Khalil Al Nasser family wife and two sons died during the Gulf War in Iraq and was the reason why he did not declare any next of kin or relation in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank and did not leave any WILL.This sum of US$17,500,000.00 have been floating and placed under dormant/unserviceable account by my bank management since no one have heard from the owner since 2003.I wish to let you know that all the investigation I have made so far, my bank management is not aware of it, I am the only one that have the information.


With the recent change of government in my country and with their efforts to support the United Nations in checkmating terrorism aid in the U.A. E. By end of this year, the government will pass a new financial control law which will give the government authority to interrogate account owners of above $5,000, 000.00 to explain the source of the funds, making sure it is not for terrorism support. If I do not move this money out of the country immediately, by end of the year the government will definitely confiscate the money, because my bank cannot provide the account owner to explain the source of the money.


I cannot directly transfer out this money without the help of a foreigner and that is why I am contacting you for an assistance. As the Account Officer to late Khalil Al Nasser , coupled with my present position and status in the bank as Head of Retail Banking Group , I have the power to influence the release of the funds to any foreigner that comes up as the next of kin to the account, with the correct information concerning the account, which I shall give you. All documents to enable you claim this fund will be carefully worked out and there is practically no risk involved, the transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of law, beside U. A. E is porous and anything goes.


If you accept to work with me, I want you to state how you wish us to share the funds in percentage, so that both parties will be satisfied. If you are interested, contact me as soon as you receive this message so we can go over the details.Thanking you in advance and may God bless you. Please, treat with utmost confidentiality . I shall send you copy of the deposit certificate issued to Al Nasser when the deposit was made for your perusal. I wait your urgent response.


Regards,
Khalifa Abuhail.
</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>