<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="82.160.62.2" />
<meta name="subject" content="CAN WE HANDLE THIS TOGETHER?" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&quot; &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-05T23:45:26Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chrisbartholet0002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;33237519.1157499926430.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps02&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chrisbartholet0002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CAN WE HANDLE THIS TOGETHER?" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;33237519.1157499926430.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps02&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&quot; &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&quot; &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-05T23:45:26Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-05T23:45:26Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep  5 19:45:42 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&quot; &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="82.160.62.2" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-2999" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy &lt;chrisbartholet092@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;33237519.1157499926430.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps02&gt;" />
<title>CAN WE HANDLE THIS TOGETHER?</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR.CHRIS BARHOLET.
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
METROPOLITAN BOND AND FINANCE CO.LTD LONDON.
48 Moorfields, London EC2Y 9AL.                       
               
                 
DEAR Friend,

I am the manager of bill and exchange at the auditing of METROPIOLITAN 
BOND AND FINANCE CO.LTD. in England In my department we discovered an 
abandoned sum of 27.5 Pound sterling (Twenty-Seven  Million-five 
hundred thousand Pounds sterling) in an account that belongs to one of 
our foreign customer who died along with his entire family on Monday, 
31 July, 2000 in a plane crash in paris.Please to confirm my story 
about the crash you can visit this site:http://news.bbc.co.
uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm Since we got information about his 
death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim 
his money because we cannot release it unless some body applies for it 
as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our 
financial guidelines and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his 
supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane 
crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is
therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make this business 
proposal to you and release themoney to you as the next of kin or 
relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement 
sincenobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into 
the bank treasury as unclaimed bill.The banking and financial law and 
guide line here stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed 
afterSEVEN years, the money will be transfered into the bank treasury 
as unclaimed fund. The request offoreigner as next of kin in this 
business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner 
and a national here cannot stand as next ofkin to a foreigner.

I agree that 40% of this money will be for you as a respect to the 
provision of a foriegn account ,10%will be set aside for expenses 
incurred during the business and 50% would be for me Thereafter, I 
willvisit your country for disbursement according to the percentage 
indicated Therefore, to enable theimmediate transfer of this fund to 
your country ,you must apply first to our security firm here in London 
because of financial laws guiding this country,we have moved the money 
in question to our Security Company Vault here in London for easy 
transfer of this fund to any where in the world.So i will like you to 
send tome your NAME,TELEPHONE NUMBER and PHYSICAL ADDRESS for easy and 
effective communication and location where in
the money is bound to.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will get back to you on the next moves 
to make. I will not fail to bring to your notice that thistransaction 
is hitch-free and that you should notentertain any atom of fear as all 
requiredarrangements have been made for the transfer. You should 
contact me immediately as soon as you receive
this letter.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.
Yours Faithfully,
MR.CHRIS BARTHOLET.



</p>

</body></html>