<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="letter from mrs kathy olds." />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;from" content="Mrs Kathy Olds &lt;BR&gt;Johannesburg, &lt;BR&gt;South africa. " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kathyolds@gmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_NextPart_000_0000_01C6527E.AE8904D0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="kathyolds@gmail.com " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="letter from mrs kathy olds." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200609102320.k8ANKcYj002012@sleepers.mail.UM&gt; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Kathy Olds " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Kathy Olds  &lt;kathyolds@gmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-11T00:19:13Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-11T00:19:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kathyolds@gmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Office Outlook, Build 11.0.5510" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Sep 10 19:20:42 2006" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200609102320.k8ANKcYj002012@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=3d&quot;http://www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html&quot;&gt;http" content="//www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html&lt;/A&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs Kathy Olds" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Kathy Olds " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Kathy Olds  &lt;kathyolds@gmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Office Outlook, Build 11.0.5510" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs Kathy Olds  &lt;kathyolds@gmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200609102320.k8ANKcYj002012@sleepers.mail.UM&gt; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MimeOLE" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Kathy Olds " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Kathy Olds  &lt;kathyolds@gmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-11T00:19:13Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;rrrrr&quot; &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Kathy Olds " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Kathy Olds  &lt;kathyolds@gmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mimeole" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kathyolds@gmail.com&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_NextPart_000_0000_01C6527E.AE8904D0&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;br&gt;tel+27-738151680&lt;br&gt;fax+27-11-5075944&lt;br&gt;email" content="kathyolds@gmail.com &lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3019" />
<title>letter from mrs kathy olds.</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>FROM:Mrs Kathy Olds 
Johannesburg, 
South africa.

Tel+27-738151680
Fax+27-11-5075944
email:kathyolds@gmail.com </p>


<p>Sir/madam, </p>


<p>With due respect, trust and humility, I write to you
irrespective of the
fact that you do not know me and i
do not know you either, but please do

consider this letter as a request from a widow and
family in dare need of
assistance. </p>


<p>You may be surprised to receive this letter from me
since you don't know
me personally. I am Mrs Kathy
Olds,wife of Late Mr Martin Olds,a famous
zimbabwean
tobacco/cattle farmer who was murdered in a farmland
dispute in
Zimbabwe.Please gothrough: </p>


<p><a shape="rect" href="http://www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html">http://www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html</a>
</p>


<p>I got yourcontact through a search on the internet
here in South Africa. I
do not know your person but I
am relying on faith to see me through. During
the war
waged against the farmers in Zimbabwe by the
supporters and
cohorts of President Robert Mugabe to
claim all the white owned farms in our
country, my
late husband belonged to one of the classes of farmers
also
targeted by the ZANU-PF armed group,because he
did not support theirideas and
policies of taking
white farmers 
land by force. </p>


<p>
Blackwar veterans claiming tobe farmers, invaded my
husband's house on
April 17, 2000 at about 8.35pm in
Macheke/Virginia district and murdered him
because of
his insistence that white farmers be allowed to retain
their
farmlands despite the  recently introduced land
reforms"Act" in Zimbabwe
by 
the head of state,President Robert Mugabe. </p>


<p>Until his death he was one of the prominent members of
the Zimbabwean
Farmers'Union (ZFU)But before my
husbands death, he first escaped safely
into
neighbouring South Africa with his life time fortune
of
US$37m(Thirty-seven Million 
USdollars)cash, important documents of property
title
and other 
valuables which were concealed and secured in a
trunk
box, and 
transported to Johannesburg through diplomatic means. </p>


<p>The consignment box is currently safely lodged and
secured in the vaults
of a private security firm here
in Johannesburg after which he returned to
zimbabwe
while he was killed. The fund was meant for the
purchase of new
tractors,machinery and agro-allied
chemicals for our new farms acquired in
Swaziland. </p>


<p>This land problem came when President  Robert Mugabe
introduced a new
land act"ModusOperandi" reform which
wholly affected the rich white farmers.
A lot of
people were killed because of this land reforms "Act"
of which my
late husband was one of the main
targets.Based on this,I had to flee the
country with
my 
two children and my only late husband
personal
assistance [PA] Mr Chris Mutembi who was his
personal
assistant{PA}. 
We are now in south africa as political
assylum
seekers/refugees. </p>


<p>We decided to contact you to assist us in removing
this money my husband
kept in a private security
company here in south africa to your account or
any
part of the world for investments as the
monetary/investment laws here
in south africa
prohibits refugees and illegal immigrants from
operating
bank accounts or be involved in any
transaction/investment. Based on this,

we are contacting you hoping that you will assist us
with this
transaction. </p>


<p>As a widow, I am saddled with the responsibility of
seeking a genuine and
an honest person who will assist
us in investing this money in a highly
profit yeilding
ventures without the knowledge of
my
country(Zimbabwe)government who are bent on taking
everything my late
husband 
had after confiscating all his farmlands and
investments in
Zimbabwe 
. </p>


<p>We are absolutely left with nothing except the money
he deposited in a
private security company here in
south africa. In recognition of
investment
opportunities that abound in so many contries in the
world , I
solicit for your 
assistance to us by moving my family money into
your
country/ bank account for safekeeping pending our
future arrival for
investments in your country or
elsewhere you may wish. </p>


<p>The family has resolved to adequately offer a share 
of 15% of the money
to you for your involvement and
assistance to our family in moving the entire
money
out of SouthAfrica. </p>


<p>Please call  Mr Chris Mutembi on telephone 
number+27-738151680 [or]
send him a fax on fax number
+27-11-5075944
for further briefing on what
you need to do, 
if my letter and request is of any interest to you.
while
I implore you to maintain
absolute confidentiality required in this
transaction
considering our situation here in south africa. If
not, then I
humbly apologise for this infringement on
your privacy. </p>


<p>Respectfully, </p>


<p>Mrs Kathy Olds. 
alternative email:kathyolds11@msn.com</p>


<p> </p>


</body></html>