<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="83.138.189.76" />
<meta name="subject" content="Asking for your Urgent response" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr.Idrissa Diop&quot; &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Idrissa Diop &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-12T11:05:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="i.wayas@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mridrissadiop5@mixmail.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mridrissadiop5@mixmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Asking for your Urgent response" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr.Idrissa Diop&quot; &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Idrissa Diop &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr.Idrissa Diop&quot; &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Idrissa Diop &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-12T11:05:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-12T11:05:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-telephone" content="00221 688 8466" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 12 07:08:52 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Idrissa Diop" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr.Idrissa Diop&quot; &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Idrissa Diop &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="83.138.189.76" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3026" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Idrissa Diop &lt;i.wayas@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>Asking for your Urgent response</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,
 
First, I must apologise to you for using this medium to 
communicate about this transaction, though it is my great pleasure in 
writing you this letter on behalf of my colleague and myself. I am Mr. 
Idrissa Diop the Director of Bill and Exchange at the Foreign 
Remittance Department in the bank where I work. I am writing to you 
this urgent proposal following the impressive information about you 
through one of my friends who runs a consultancy firm. Though, I did 
not disclose to him the nature of my proposal to you to avoid any 
leakage. My colleague and I have decided to contact you on a business 
transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end. I 
would be brief and direct to ensure you understand everything properly.
 
In my department we discovered an abandoned Sum of $13.7M USD 
(Thirteen Million, Seven Hundred Thousand US Dollars), in an account 
that belongs to one of our foreign customers, an American by name: Mr. 
John Schelpert who died along with his wife and other passengers in 
EgyptAir Flight 990 - October 31, 1999. Since we got information about 
his untimely death, the fund has been dormant in his account with my 
Bank without any claim, we have been expecting his next of kin to come 
over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody 
applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased and the 
person must be a foreigner as indicated in our banking guidelines. 
Before our observation in this development, we discovered that the 
owner of the account died without a Heir/WILL hence the money is 
floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be 
forfeited for nothing. The Banking law and guideline here stipulates 
that if such money remained unclaimed after Six (6) years, the money 
will be transfered into the Bank treasury account as unclaimed fund. It 
is therefore upon this discovery that I and my junior colleague in the 
bank now decided to make this businness proposal to you and release the 
money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety 
and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we do not 
want this money to go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.
 
Meanwhile the whole arrangement to put claim over these fund as the 
bonafide next of kin to the deceased and transfer this money to a 
foreign account has been put in place. Directives and needed 
information will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your 
interest and willingness to assist us and also benefit from this great 
business opportunity. We could have done this deal on our own, but 
because of our position in this country operating a local account would 
eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of transfer 
because I work in this bank.
 
This is the actual reason why it will 
require foreigner as second party that will forward claims as the next 
of kin to the Bank and also present a designated safe foreign account 
where he will need the money to be transferred into after due 
verification and clearification by the bank. May I at this point 
emphasize that this transaction is a successful arrangement, and as an 
insider of the bank I have the capacity to monitor that everything is 
smoothly perfected. On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will 
be entitled to your own share of the total sum as gratification We have 
agreed that 20 % of this money will be for you as our foreign partner, 
in respect to the provision of a foreign account, 5% will be set aside 
for expenses incured during the business and 75% would be for me and my 
colleague. There after I and my colleague will visit your country for 
disbursement according to the percentages indicated.
 
This share of 
yours is negotiable as long as it is reasonable. Please, you have been 
adviced to keep this information a topsecret
as we are still in service 
and intend to retire from service after we conclude this deal with you. 
I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you 
confirm the money in your account and ask us to come down to your 
country for subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages we 
shall agree upon. All other necessary information will be sent to you 
on your acceptance to champion this transaction with us. I suggest you 
get back to me as soon as possible, stating your wish in this deal. 
Please do call me on my direct line for more clearifications: 00221 688 
8466

Thanks and best regards.
 
Yours faithfully,
Mr. Idrissa Diop
Telephone: 00221 688 8466



</p>

</body></html>