<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="HELLO FROM  AZIZ KOFFI  URGENT REPLY  PLS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;aziz koffi&quot; &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="aziz koffi &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-14T13:59:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="aziz_koffi@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY7-F6ABE39604E067345EF0F2FD290@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="aziz_koffi@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELLO FROM  AZIZ KOFFI  URGENT REPLY  PLS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Sep 2006 13:59:22.0093 (UTC) FILETIME=[FACEC9D0:01C6D805]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 14 Sep 2006 06:59:22 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F6ABE39604E067345EF0F2FD290@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;aziz koffi&quot; &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="aziz koffi &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;aziz koffi&quot; &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="aziz koffi &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-14T13:59:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-14T13:59:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Sep 2006 13:59:22.0093 (UTC) FILETIME=[FACEC9D0:01C6D805]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 14 09:59:35 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 14 Sep 2006 06:59:22 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="aziz koffi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;aziz koffi&quot; &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="aziz koffi &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3036" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="aziz koffi &lt;aziz_koffi19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F6ABE39604E067345EF0F2FD290@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>HELLO FROM  AZIZ KOFFI  URGENT REPLY  PLS</title>
</head>
<body>




From The Desk Of AZIZ KOFFI

Senior Staff In File Department,
African Development Bank A.D.B
Ouagadougou Burkina-Faso
West Africa.

This is my private e mail <a shape="rect" href="mailto:aziz_koffi@latinmail.com">aziz_koffi@latinmail.com</a>

Private Number......00226 76 17 22 04.
PLANE CRASH WEB SITE <a shape="rect" href="http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html">http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html</a>

    ( "REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS
     CONFIDENTIAL IS THE CASE")
Compliment Of The Season,

On a very good day. I am (AZIZ KOFFI) a senior
staff in file department in African developent bank (ADB).I got your
contact from a Yahoo Tourist Search.

When i was searching for a foreign partner i assured of
your capability and reliability to champion this businees opportunity when
i prayed 
to God or Allah about you.In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of $ 15 million U.S.A dollars ( fifteen million U.S.A dollars) . In an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who died along with his entire family in (friday december 26,2003  ) in a plane crash. Since we got information about his death, 

 

we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as
indicated in our banking guidelines, but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I and one official in my department now decided to make this businness proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we dont want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill.

 

 The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained unclamed after five years, the money will be
transfered into the Bank treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner, and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. We agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as foreign partner, in respect to the provision of a foreign account, 10 % will be set aside for expenses incured during the business and 60 % would be for
;me and my woman colleague. There after I and my colleague will visit
your country for disbursement according to the percentages indicated.

Therefore to enable the immediate trnansfer of this fund to you as
arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of 
the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account
number, your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where the money will be remitted.Upon receipt
of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of the
application I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.

You should contact me on my number 00226 76 17 22 04.immediately as soon
as you receive this letter. reply me with this e mail address <a shape="rect" href="mailto:aziz_koffi@latinmail.com">aziz_koffi@latinmail.com</a> immediately.



Yours faithfully,

AZIZ KOFFI

 

POST SCRITUM:You have to keep everything secret as to
enable the
transfer to move very smoothly in to the account you will
prove to the bank.As you finished reading this letter call me
immediately so that we discuss very well over this business.Please call me and inform me that you received my mail, because i don't go to net always.
.........................................................................................











MSN Messenger  <a shape="rect" href="http://g.msn.com/8HMBFR/2734??PS=47575">: appels gratuits de PC à PC partout dans le monde !</a> 



</body></html>