<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="My appreciation to you." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;estelle mamadou&quot; &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="estelle mamadou &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-14T19:36:20Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="estelle1_m@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F22CF89EB10E93F1EE415CDE5290@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="estelle1_m@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="My appreciation to you." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Sep 2006 19:36:24.0690 (UTC) FILETIME=[106A3520:01C6D835]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 14 Sep 2006 12:36:24 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F22CF89EB10E93F1EE415CDE5290@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;estelle mamadou&quot; &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="estelle mamadou &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;estelle mamadou&quot; &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="estelle mamadou &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-14T19:36:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-14T19:36:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Sep 2006 19:36:24.0690 (UTC) FILETIME=[106A3520:01C6D835]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 14 15:36:38 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt; Thu, 14 Sep 2006 12:36:24 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="estelle mamadou" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;estelle mamadou&quot; &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="estelle mamadou &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3040" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="estelle mamadou &lt;estelle21_mam@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F22CF89EB10E93F1EE415CDE5290@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>My appreciation to you.</title>
</head>
<body><p>#45 Rue Grand Yorf,
DAKAR, SENEGAL.

Assalamaulakum.

My Dear Friend,

Compliments of the day.I did like to send to you the best wishes of good 
health and success in your pursuits particularly through my proposal as 
contained in this letter. After due deliberation with my son,I decided to 
forward to you this business proposal, we want you to assist us .I will give 
you more information. As to this regard as soon as you reply.

I am Mrs.Estelle Mamadou . I am contacting you with the hope that you will 
be of great assistance to me, I currently have within my reach the sum of 
7.3 million U.S dollars cash which I intend to use for investment purposes.

I therefore personally appeal to you seriously and religiously for your 
urgent assistance to move this money in to your country where I believe it 
will be safe since I cannot leave the country due to the restriction of 
movement imposed on the members of my family by the Senegal Government.

This money came as a result of a payback contract deal between my husband 
and a Russian firm in our country.The Russian partners returned my husbands 
share .Presently, the Government has intensified their probe in to my 
husbands financial resources which has led to the freezing of all our 
accounts, local and foreign, the revoking of all our business licences and 
the arrest of my First son.

In view of this I want to acted very fast to withdraw this money from one of 
our finance houses before it will be closed down.My husband deposited the 
money in a finance firm for safe keeping . No record is known about this 
fund by the government because there is no documentation showing that we 
have such funds.

Further more, my elder son have been in detention in the last four years 
following the death of my late husband for charges of State organized murder 
and corrupt practices. he was just been released by the Supreme Court after 
the president brokered a deal with my family regarding his freedom. and he 
is still under interrogation about my late husband's assets and some vital 
documents.

Due to the current situation in the country and government attitude to my 
family,I cannot make use of this money within, thus I seek your help in 
transferring this funds out for investment than leaving the fund here and to 
invest the money to profit my family Bearing in mind that you may assist 
me.l have decided to part with 25% of the total sum.

I am seriously considering to settle down abroad in a friendly atmosphere 
like yours as soon as this fund get into your account so that I can start 
all over again if only you wish. I shall ask my son Mohammade to come over 
to your country to liaise with you. If this proposal satisfies you. please 
do not let me out to the security as I am giving you this information in 
total trust and confidence.

Please kindly reply by return mail and please include your personal 
telephone and fax numbers. Conclusively,we have decided part with 25% of the 
total sum. of the total sum,10% will be for expenses incurred during 
thecause of this transaction, while 65% is to be held on trust by you until 
we can decide on a suitable business investment in your country subsequent 
to our free movement by the Senegal Government.

I will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith.
Your URGENT response is needed.

Regards and God Bless you.

Mrs.Estelle Mamadou .

_________________________________________________________________
Découvrez Windows Live Messenger : le futur de MSN Messenger ! 
www.windowslivemessenger.fr



</p>

</body></html>