<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM MR BENSON EKO" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="BENSON EKO." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR BENSON EKO &lt;benson_eko@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="benson_eko@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-16T00:58:19Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="benson_eko@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM MR BENSON EKO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="benson_eko@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060916005819.46E2B80DACD@www.saentis.de&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="BENSON EKO." />
<meta name="creator" content="MR BENSON EKO &lt;benson_eko@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="BENSON EKO." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR BENSON EKO &lt;benson_eko@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-16T00:58:19Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-16T00:58:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;wwwrun@www.saentis.de&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Sep 15 20:59:25 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;wwwrun@www.saentis.de&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060916005819.46E2B80DACD@www.saentis.de&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR BENSON EKO" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="BENSON EKO." />
<meta name="Author" content="MR BENSON EKO &lt;benson_eko@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3045" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR BENSON EKO &lt;benson_eko@yahoo.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060916005819.46E2B80DACD@www.saentis.de&gt;" />
<title>FROM MR BENSON EKO</title>
</head>
<body><p>
FROM: BENSON EKO.
CHIEF AUDITOR MINISTRIE OF FINANCE ECONOMICS
COTONOU-BENIN REPUBLIC.

Dear Friend,

Forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as
a surprise and 
if it might offend you without your prior consent and
writing through 
this channel.

I am BENSON EKO CHIEF AUDITOR MINISTRIE OF FINANCE
ECONOMICS COTONUO-BENIN REPUBLIC.I got your
information when I was searching for a reliable,honest
and trustworthy person to entrust this business with.I
was simply inspired and motivated to pick your contact
from the many names and lists in the website.

I wish to transfer the sum of $14,300,000.00USD
(Fourteen Million Three Hundred Thousand United States
Dollars only.into your personal or company`s bank
account.

This fund was a residue of the over invoiced
Industrial Contract bills awarded by MINISTRIE OF
FINANCE ECONOMICS COTONUO-BENIN REPUBLIC to some
foreign firms. This DEAL was deliberately hatched out
and carefully protected with all the attendant lope
holes sealed off.As the chief auditor,I have the
cooperation and mandate of the Financial Director and
the Secretary. It was my consensus to seek the
assistance of a willing foreigner to provide us with
the facilities to transfer this money out of West
Africa.This is borne out of our beleive in the
non-stable and sporous political nature of this
sub-region.

The original contractors have been duely paid by the
Banque Centrale Des Etats De L`Afrique De L`Ouest
(Central Bank of the West African States)This balance
is suspended in the escrowaccounts awaiting claims by
any foreign company of our choice.I intend to pay out 
this fund now as the organisation is winding up its
activities.

Based on the laws and ethics of employment,we as civil
servants working under this organisation, are not
allowed to operate a foreign account.This is the more
reason why we needed your assistance to provide an
account that can sustain this fund for safe keeping
and our future investment with your comprehensive
advise,assistance and partnership in your country.

I have however agreed,as the account owner in this
deal to allow you 
40% of the entire sum as compensation,why 55% will be
held on trust for 
me while 5% will be used to defray any incidental
charges and cost if any. 

Upon the receipt of your information, the certificate
of job completion of one of the contracts will be
issued in your for the transfering of the fund to your
nominated account withoutdelay.

As with the case of all organised (sensitive)and
conspired DEALS,we 
solicit for your unreserved confidentiality and utmost
secret in this 
business.

We hope to retire peacefully and lead a honourable
business life 
afterwards.There are no risks involved.

REPLY ASAP.

With regards.
MR BENSON EKO





</p>

</body></html>