<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="WAITING FOR YOUR URGENT RESPONSE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Arif Shaikh&quot; &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Arif Shaikh &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="arif_shaikh@mail2world.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-19T14:10:49Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="arif_shaikh1@gawab.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="arif_shaikh1@gawab.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="WAITING FOR YOUR URGENT RESPONSE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;0MKqVj-1GPgJ61Ouh-0001iF@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;0MKqVj-1GPgJ61Ouh-0001iF@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Arif Shaikh&quot; &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Arif Shaikh &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Arif Shaikh&quot; &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Arif Shaikh &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-19T14:10:49Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-19T14:10:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="neutral (mxus13: 217.165.125.118 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of mail2world.com) client-ip=217.165.125.118; envelope-from=arif_shaikh@mail2world.com; helo=emztd2452.com; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="neutral (mxus13: 217.165.125.118 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of mail2world.com) client-ip=217.165.125.118; envelope-from=arif_shaikh@mail2world.com; helo=emztd2452.com;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 19 10:11:02 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Arif Shaikh" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Arif Shaikh&quot; &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Arif Shaikh &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3052" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Arif Shaikh &lt;arif_shaikh@mail2world.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;0MKqVj-1GPgJ61Ouh-0001iF@mx.perfora.net&gt;" />
<title>WAITING FOR YOUR URGENT RESPONSE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Greetings from Dubai,

This letter must come to you as a big surprise, but I believe
it is only a day that people meet and become great friends
and business partners.  I am Mr. Arif Shaikh, currently Chief
Credit &amp; Risk Officer with a reputable bank here in U. A. E.
I write you this proposal in good faith,believing that I can
trust you with the information I am about to reveal to you.

I have an urgent and very confidential business proposition
for you. On November 6, 2000, an Iraqi Foreign Oil consultant
/contractor with the CHEVRON PETROLEUM CORPORATION, MR MOHAMMAD
AL NASSER made a (Fixed deposit) for 36 calendar months,valued
at US$17,500,000.00 (Seventeen Million Five hundred Thousand
Dollars only) in my bank and I happen to be his account officer
before I was moved to my present position recently. Upon
maturity in 2003, as his account officer and as well the bank
manger, it is my duty to notify him on the maturity date so I
sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but the
letter was returned undelivered.

After sometime, I tried sending back the letter, but it was
again returned and finally I discovered from his contract
employers, Chevron Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Mohammad Al
Nasser died as a result of torture in the hand of Saddam
Hussein (former Iraqi President) during one of his trips to
his country Iraq, as he was accused of leaking information
to the Americans. On further investigation, I discovered
that Mr. Al Nasser's family wife and two sons died during
the Gulf War in Iraq and was the reason why he did not declare
any next of kin or relation in all his official documents,
including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank and did not
leave any WILL.  This sum of US$17,500,000.00 have been
floating and placed under dormant/unserviceable account by my
bank management since no one have heard from the owner since
2003.  I wish to let you know that all the investigation I
have made so far, my bank management is not aware of it, I am
the only one that have the information.

With the recent change of government in my country and with
their efforts to support the United Nations in checkmating
terrorism aid in the U. A. E.  By end of this year, the
government will pass a new financial control law which will
give the government authority to interrogate account owners
of above $5,000,000.00 to explain the source of the funds,
making sure it is not for terrorism support.  If I do not
move this money out of the country immediately, by end of
the year the government will definitely confiscate the money,
because my bank cannot provide the account owner to explain
the source of the money.

I cannot directly transfer out this money without the help
of a foreigner and that is why I am contacting you for an
assistance.  As the Account Officer to late Al Nasser,coupled
with my present position and status in the bank as Chief
Credit &amp; Risk Officer , I have the power to influence the
release of the funds to any foreigner that comes up as the
next of kin to the account, with the correct information
concerning the account, which I shall give you. All documents
to enable you claim this fund will be carefully worked out and
there is practically no risk involved, the transaction will be
executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you
from any breach of law, beside U. A. E is porous and anything
goes.

If you accept to work with me, I want you to state how you
wish us to share the funds in percentage, so that both
parties will be satisfied.  If you are interested, contact
me as soon as you receive this message  so we can go over
the details.  Thanking you in advance and may God bless you.
Please, treat with utmost confidentiality.  I shall send
you copy of the

deposit certificate issued to Al Nasser when the deposit
was made for your perusal.

I wait your urgent response.


Regards,


Mr. Arif Shaikh





</p>

</body></html>