<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authentication-Warning" content="smtp.eecs.UM: list set sender to ai-all-request@smtp.eecs.UM using -f" />
<meta name="subject" content="PAYMENT REPRESENTATIVE OFFER" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="spresearch25@myway.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ai-all@eecs.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-resent-date" content="Wed, 20 Sep 2006 00:04:14 -0400 SPF_PASS autolearn=no version=3.2.0-r431796" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="No, score=1.9 required=5.0 tests=BAYES_50,HTML_00_10," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Checker-Version" content="SpamAssassin 3.2.0-r431796 (2006-08-16) on 	smtp.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PAYMENT REPRESENTATIVE OFFER" />
<meta name="MboxParser-resent-message-id" content="&lt;dhAg44Vi-wH.A.OmG.-2LEFB@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Level" content="*" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	Wed, 20 Sep 2006 00:04:40 -0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-level" content="*" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1GPtJQ-0005Ob-VO@maggie.citeglobe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr&quot; &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-20T04:03:52Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailing-list" content="&lt;ai-all@smtp.eecs.UM&gt; archive/latest/903" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-20T04:03:52Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-age" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Loop" content="ai-all@smtp.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-checker-version" content="SpamAssassin 3.2.0-r431796 (2006-08-16) on " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Resent-Date" content="Wed, 20 Sep 2006 00:04:14 -0400" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Precedence" content="list" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Sep 20 00:05:28 2006" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1GPtJQ-0005Ob-VO@maggie.citeglobe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr&quot; &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Resent-From" content="ai-all@eecs.UM" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1GPtJQ-0005Ob-VO@maggie.citeglobe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="No, score=1.9 required=5.0 tests=BAYES_50,HTML_00_10,	HTML_MESSAGE,HTML_MIME_NO_HTML_TAG,MIME_HTML_ONLY,SPF_HELO_PASS,	SPF_PASS autolearn=no version=3.2.0-r431796" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr&quot; &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-name" content="" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-20T04:03:52Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ai-all@eecs.UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ai-all@eecs.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="owentholu03@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sex" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-precedence" content="list" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="owentholu03@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-loop" content="ai-all@smtp.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-scan" content=": UVSCAN at UoM/EECS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authentication-warning" content="smtp.eecs.UM: list set sender to ai-all-request@smtp.eecs.UM using -f smtp.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr&quot; &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. Thomas D. Owen Jr &lt;spresearch25@myway.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 Wed, 20 Sep 2006 00:04:40 -0400 HTML_MESSAGE,HTML_MIME_NO_HTML_TAG,MIME_HTML_ONLY,SPF_HELO_PASS," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailing-List" content="&lt;ai-all@smtp.eecs.UM&gt; archive/latest/903" />
<meta name="MboxParser-resent-from" content="ai-all@eecs.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3054" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Resent-Message-ID" content="&lt;dhAg44Vi-wH.A.OmG.-2LEFB@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>PAYMENT REPRESENTATIVE OFFER</title>
</head>
<body>Dear Sir/Madam,

How are you doing. I came across your email address and your brief
profile through an email listing affiliated with the US Chamber of
Commerce. I would be very interested in offering you a part-time
paying job in which you could earn alot.

My names are Thomas Daniel Owen Jr. and I am 52 years of age. I just
resigned my job as a research scientist for ARINI(Agricultural
Research Institute of Northern Ireland) and I now work as a freelance
consultant for the instistute which gives me very much time to do my
own work which is basically being a freelance researcher who could
be employed by research institutes to do research projects anywhere
in the world.

Presently, I have just been granted a funding to head a research
project in the tropical regions of West Africa/Asia regarding rare and
vulnerable plant species and this would be commencing very soon.
This research program will be funded and sponsored by some of my
American counterparts and Associates. But the only set back is
that the American counterparts want to make payments for the
research in form of US money orders/ cashier's cheque only and its
a known fact that money in such forms cannot be cashed outside the
US. Getting an accountant in the states or opening an account
would have been my best choice but I have a deadline to meet and
taking any of those choices would cost me time and a whole lot of
other requirements which I am not ready to deal with. This is where
I need to employ your assistance and service.

WHAT I NEED YOU FOR?
At this point, I will be glad if you could work with me as my
representative in the US. You will be working as my payment assistant
incharge of collecting and processing the payments from my Associates.
Since they will be making the payment in Money orders/ Cashier checks
made payable only in the US, you will be collecting this payments and
cashing them on my behalf. On agreement to been my representative in
the US, you will receive a commission of 10% of whatever amount of
payment you receive from my associates.

JOB DESCRIPTION?
1. Recieve payments (in form of money orders/checks) from my associates
via mail(UPS/FEDEX/DHL).
2. Cash the Payments at your Bank.
3. Deduct 10% which will be your commission/percentage on Payment
processed.
4. You are to remit the balance via Money Gram or Western Union Money
Transfer according to my instruction.

HOW MUCH WILL YOU EARN?
10% from each transaction! For instance: On receiving 6000 USD via
cheques or money orders on my behalf. You will cash the payment and
keep 10% to yourself before remitting the balance! At the beginning
your commission will equal 10%, though later it will increase up to
12%! For the research, I am expecting about the sum of $105,000 in
total from the clients(though the money will be sent in installmentally
due to the progress of my research). You could make over $10,500 for
the little time we will be working together.

ADVANTAGES?
You dont have to go out of your present daily activity inorder to
engage in this Job(i.e. you can do this Work easily without leaving or
affecting your present Job).You will work as an independent contractor
right from your home /office. Your job is absolutely legal. You do not
need any capital to start(non of your personal funds is needed).

REQUIREMENTS?
18 years or older.
Legally capable.
Responsible, Reliable and Trustworthy.
Ready to work 3-4 hours per week.
Able to check and respond to emails often.
Easy telephone access.

IS THIS LEGAL?
Yes it is.As a matter of fact,my lawyer checked all legal provisions to
know if there is any dosmestic or international law against businesses
or deals in this manner.And he said its allowed by all LAWS.So know
that doing this work is safe and legitimate.

I hope all is well understood. I would be glad if you accept my
proposal and I intend to commence as soon as you are ready.

Please, to facilitate the conclusion of this transaction if accepted,
do send promptly by email the following details below, to indicate your
interest.

NAME:
ADDRESS:
PHONE NUMBER:
AGE:
SEX:

I hope to hear back from you.

ALL REPLIES TO BE SENT TO : owentholu03@yahoo.com.hk 

Dr. Thoams D. Owen Jr.
Agricultural Research Institute of Northern Ireland
Hillsborough,
Ireland BT26 6DR.














</body></html>