<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="IMMEDIATE PAYMENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt; TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND,LAGOS." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-19T15:40:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="infocenbank1@egypt.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-country" content="____________________________________" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ; From the Desk Of:" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-number" content="____________________________________" />
<meta name="MboxParser-number" content="___________________________________" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.2)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="prof_charles.soludocbn@gawab.com FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20060919114011.ybyiksj5c48ck8gg@www.egypt.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="IMMEDIATE PAYMENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.2)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060919114011.ybyiksj5c48ck8gg@www.egypt.com&gt; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="creator" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt; TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND,LAGOS." />
<meta name="creator" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=ISO-8859-1;	DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;	format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt; TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND,LAGOS." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-19T15:40:11Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-19T15:40:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Sep 19 16:36:53 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt; charset=ISO-8859-1;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="prof_charles.soludocbn@gawab.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 PRIVATE E-MAIL: prof_charles.soludocbn@gawab.com" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="charles soludo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt; TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND,LAGOS." />
<meta name="Author" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3057" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="charles soludo &lt;infocenbank1@egypt.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060919114011.ybyiksj5c48ck8gg@www.egypt.com&gt; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<title>IMMEDIATE PAYMENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>





            CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA
             TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND,LAGOS.
           FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA

 From the Desk Of:
Prof Charles Soludo
Executive Governor (CBN)

IMMEDIATE PAYMENT REF: CBN/IRD/CBX/021/06


THIS IS AN OFFICIAL NOTIFICATION OF FUNDS DEPOSITED IN YOUR NAME AND IT IS NOT
A SALES SOLICITATION.

I am professor Charles.c. Soludo governor, central bank of Nigeria (  
CBN ). The
mentioned bank is known for  the safekeeping of special and valuable packages
and baggage in trust for reputable clients that are honest and trustworthy.

We work in collaboration with top firms and Governments of various  
countries as
we have earned a name as a service whose hallmarks in reliability and
confidentiality are revered. International missions and Embassies of the world
have used our services to satisfaction.

A benefactor whose identity can not be disclosed because of the Non
Circumvention and Non Disclosure Agreement that was signed with the said
benefactor when the funds were being deposited in the Central Bank of Nigeria,
made you the beneficiary of a package containing some amount of money and
stated clearly that you should only be contacted when the time signed  
for it to
be in our care elapses and the time has already elapsed that is why you are
being contacted.

The Non Circumvention and Non Disclosure Agreement signed with the benefactor
mandates us to fully divulge and disclose the benefactor's identity 18 months
after you, the beneficiary has received the funds.

The funds totals $5.000,000 (Five Million Dollars) i shall reconfirm to you
are fully free of any liens, or encumbrances and are clean, clear and non-
criminal origin and are available in the form of CASH.

You are hereby advised to reconfirm your Full Contact Information for
verification with information contained in our computer database as well as
other relevant information in the format stated below so that the funds would
be arranged by the deplomats who will be moving the funds from the  
Central Bank
of Nigeria to be brought to you.

I would also inform you clearly here that you must procure an affidavit of
claim of ownership before the  comensment of the diplomat bringing the  
funds to
you, this you will be informed as soon as your information is received.

The  Diplomats shall accompany you to your bank (if you want them to) to
deposit the funds in your name and submit all documentations of proof of the
origin of the funds in other to exonerate you from any form of investigations
or interrogation and to authenticate the fact that the funds are clean and has
no links whatsoever with either drugs or terrorism.

The Requested Information is to ensure that no mistake or error is made and it
should be forwarded

in the manner stated below:

Your Full Name: ______________________________

Your Complete Address (Physical Address with Zip Code not
P.O.BOX) : ______________________________

Name of City of Residence:_______________________________

Country:____________________________________

Direct Telephone Number:
____________________________________

Mobile
Number:____________________________________

Fax
Number:___________________________________

Finally your age and sex very impotant too please note this.

The Contact Numbers are very necessary because the number would be called
before the funds would be handed over to the Deplomats so as to ensure  
that the
package is handed over to the right person.So, it is mandatory you send your
Direct Telephone Number preferably your Mobile or Cell Phone Number.

Complete the above and send back to me through my  E-mail address  
below as soon
as possible.

Congratulations in advance.

  YOURS SINCERELY,



PROFESSOR CHARLES C. SOLUDO,
GOVERNOR, CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA (CBN).
  PRIVATE E-MAIL: prof_charles.soludocbn@gawab.com

****PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL*****
This e-mail and any attached files are confidential and may be legally
privileged.

If you are not the addressee, any disclosure, reproduction,
copying,distribution, or other dissemination or use of this communication is
strictly prohibited.







----------------------------------------------------------------
Reserve your free e-mail@egypt.com, http://www.egypt.com
Spam free &amp; Virus clean web based mail service
Report abuse to abuse@egypt.com




</p>

</body></html>