<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSES. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;joe kekabu&quot; &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt; =20" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="joe kekabu &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-21T07:07:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="joe4jkk@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/mixed; boundary=&quot;latinmail.com_ltwebml02.localdomain_30da513f09f32ba28b533d823d7c3759&quot; WHILE 10% WILL BE FOR EXPENSES INCURE DURING THE TRANSACTION. THERE AF=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&quot; &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt; CRASH THAT HAPPENED IN (MONDAY 31ST JULY 2000).SINCE WE GOT INFORMATIO=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="joe4jkk@latinmail.com &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="joe4jkk@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-bogosity" content="No, tests=bogofilter, spamicity=0.580264, version=0.15.13" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="normal" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="latinmail.com_ltwebml02.localdomain_30da513f09f32ba28b533d823d7c3759" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSES. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	by smtp.latinmail.com (Postfix) with SMTP	id 389A6B8B609; Thu, 21 Sep 2006 09:07:39 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060921070739.389A6B8B609@smtp.latinmail.com&gt; FROM (ADB) OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO." />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;joe kekabu&quot; &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt; =20" />
<meta name="creator" content="joe kekabu &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;joe kekabu&quot; &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt; =20" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="joe kekabu &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-21T07:07:39Z" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/mixed; boundary=&quot;latinmail.com_ltwebml02.localdomain_30da513f09f32ba28b533d823d7c3759&quot; WHILE 10% WILL BE FOR EXPENSES INCURE DURING THE TRANSACTION. THERE AF=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 id 389A6B8B609; Thu, 21 Sep 2006 09:07:39 +0200 (CEST) CONFIDENTIAL IS THE CASE&quot;)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Bogosity" content="No, tests=bogofilter, spamicity=0.580264, version=0.15.13" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-21T07:07:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-phone" content="00226-7885 7597." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 21 03:14:54 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt; by smtp.latinmail.com (Postfix) with SMTP (&quot;REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060921070739.389A6B8B609@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 TO YOUR NOTICE THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS HITCH-FREE RISK AND THIS TRANS=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="joe kekabu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;joe kekabu&quot; &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt; =20" />
<meta name="Author" content="joe kekabu &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="normal THE APPLICATION TO FILL AND SEND TO THE BANK. I WILL NOT FAIL TO BRING=" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3058" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="joe kekabu &lt;joe4jkk@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060921070739.389A6B8B609@smtp.latinmail.com&gt; FROM (ADB) OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO." />
<title>TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSES. </title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM THE DESK OF JOE KEKABU (ESQ).
THE HEAD OF FILE DEPARTMENT, AFRICAN
DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB)
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO WEST AFRICA.
PHONE: 00226-7885 7597.
PLANE CRASH WEB SITE...http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm. 
 
                     ("REMITTANCE OF $15 MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS
                                CONFIDENTIAL IS THE CASE")
                                  
COMLIMENTS OF THE SEASON 2006,

I AM (JOE KEKABU ESQ),HEAD OF FILE DEPARTMENT &amp; DEBT RECOVERING IN AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO IN WEST AFRICA.

FIRST, I MUST SOLICIT YOUR CONFIDENCE IN THIS TRANSACTION.THIS IS BY 
VIRTUE OF ITS NATURE AS BEING UTTERLY CONFIDENTIAL AND TOP SECRET. 
HOWEVER AFTER SERIES OF PETITION WAS RECIEVED BY THIS PRESENT REGIME FROM FOREIGN CONTRACTORS AND INABILITY OF THE  AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK  (ADB)TO FULFILL THEIR OBLIGATION FOR THE PAYMENT TO ITS FOREIGN CREDITORS, IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE COUNCIL OF MINISTERS, THEY MANDATED US TO CARRY OUT A CAREFUL AND COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF ALL OVERDUE PAYMENTS TO FOREIGN CONTRACTORS AND TO EFFECT PAYMENTS IMMEDIATELY.

DURING THE ABOVE MENTIONED PROCESS, WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF US$15 M (FIFTEEN MILLION US DOLLARS) IN AN ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMER WHO DIED ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY IN A PLANE CRASH THAT HAPPENED IN (MONDAY 31ST JULY 2000).SINCE WE GOT INFORMATION ABOUT HIS DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING HIS NEXT OF KIN TO COME OVER AND CLAIM HIS MONEY BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE IT UNLESS SOME BODY APPLIES FOR IT AS NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED AS INDICATED IN OUR BANKING GUIDELINES AND LAWS BUT UNFORTUNATELY WE LEARNT THAT ALL HIS SUPPOSED NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION DIED ALONGSIDE WITH HIM AT THE PLANE CRASH LEAVING NOBODY BEHIND FOR THE CLAIM.
 
IT IS THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT I AND OTHER OFFICIALS IN MY 
DEPARTMENT NOW DECIDED TO MAKE THIS BUSINESS PROPOSAL TO YOU AND RELEASE THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT AND WE DON'T WANT THIS MONEY TO GO INTO THE BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED BILL.

I AGREE THAT 40% OF THIS MONEY WILL BE FOR YOU AS A FOREIGN PARTNER, IN RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF A FOREIGN ACCOUNT,AND 50% WOULD BE FOR ME, WHILE 10% WILL BE FOR EXPENSES INCURE DURING THE TRANSACTION. THERE AFTER I WILL VISIT YOUR COUNTRY FOR DISBURSEMENT ACCORDING TO THE PERCENTAGE INDICATED.THEREFORE, TO ENABLE THE IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF THIS FUND TO YOU AS ARRANGED, YOU MUST APPLY FIRST TO THE BANK AS RELATION OR NEXT OF KIN OF THE DECEASED INDICATING YOUR BANK NAME, YOUR BANK ACCOUNT NUMBER, YOUR PRIVATE TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER FOR EASY AND EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION AND LOCATION WHEREIN THE MONEY WILL BE REMITTED.

UPON THE RECEIPT OF YOUR REPLY, I WILL SEND TO YOU BY EMAIL THE TEXT OF THE APPLICATION TO FILL AND SEND TO THE BANK. I WILL NOT FAIL TO BRING TO YOUR NOTICE THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS HITCH-FREE RISK AND THIS TRANSACTION WILL ONLY TAKE US 14 BANKING DAYS BECAUSE AS A BANKER, I KNOW WHAT TO DO AND MOVE THE FUND INTO YOUR ACCOUNT WITHOUT ANY DELAY AND THATYOU SHOULD NOT ENTERTAIN ANY ATOM OF FEAR AS ALL REQUIRED ARRANGEMENT HAVE BEEN MADE FOR THE TRANSFER.

YOU SHOULD CONTACT ME OM MY NUMBER 00226-7885 7597 AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS LETTER SO THAT I WILL SEND YOU THE TEXT OF THE APPLICATION TO APPLY TO THE BANK AND THE DATA INFORMATION OF THE DECEASED .

YOUR'S FAITHFULLY,

JOE KEKABU (ESQ).
 FROM (ADB) OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO.



¡Miles de amigos con tus mismas aficiones! http://www.latinchat.com</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>