<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="193.220.26.95" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM:THE DESK OF ENG.CLICF WANTOM" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-23T13:22:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="clicfwanton@rixmail.se " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="clicfwanton@rixmail.se " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;26843483.1159017771378.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="clicfwanton@rixmail.se" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM:THE DESK OF ENG.CLICF WANTOM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;26843483.1159017771378.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-23T13:22:51Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-23T13:22:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 23 09:30:39 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="NNPC NIGERIA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="193.220.26.95" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3070" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="NNPC NIGERIA &lt;traskkeith1@adinet.com.uy&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;26843483.1159017771378.JavaMail.tomcat@fe-ps04&gt; " />
<title>FROM:THE DESK OF ENG.CLICF WANTOM</title>
</head>
<body><p>
FROM:THE DESK OF ENG.CLICF WANTOM 
NIGERIA NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
(NNPC) LAGOS-NIGERIA . 
Email:clicfwanton@rixmail.se 
 
Dear Friend, 
 
It is with trust and confidence that I write to reveal this urgent 
business relationship to you. I was assigned by two of my colleagues to 
seek for a foreign partner who will assist us in providing a convenient 
account in a designated bank overseas for the transfer of US$32,000, 
000.00 (Thirty Two Million United States Dollars Only) pending our 
arrival in your country for utilization and disbursement of the fund 
with the owner of the account where the fund would be transferred 
into. 
 
On the 23rd of January 1996, our corporation, the Nigeria National 
Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) awarded a contract of $120,000,000.00 ( 
One Hundred and Twenty Million United States Dollars) but I and my 
colleagues being members of the contract award committee inflated the 
contract sum to the tune of US$152,000, 000.00 with the intention of 
sharing the remaining balance of US$32,000,000.00 among ourselves. 
 
The contract has been successfully executed and the actual contractors 
have been paid their US$120,000,000.00 ( One Hundred and Twenty Million 
United States Dollars) in full. But what we want to transfer out of the 
country in our favour for disbursement is US$32M. balance My colleagues 
and I have agreed that if you / your company can act as the beneficiary 
of this fund , we will transfer the funds to your account and you will 
retain 30% of the total fund for assistance rendered, while we will 
retain 60% of the total fund and the balance of 10% of the fund will be 
set aside for the offsetting of all expenses that might be incurredby 
both parties during the fund transfer process. 
 
We request you cooperate with us and provide a convenient account 
number in a designated bank where this fund can be safely transferred 
to, we intend to come over to your country on the completion of the 
fund transfer to secure our own share of the funds. 
 
THE NATURE OF YOUR BUSINESS IS NOT PARTICULARLY RELEVANT FOR THE CCESS 
OF THIS TRANS ACTION. ALL WE REQUIRE IS YOUR WELLINGNESS TO CO-OPERATE 
AND ASSURANCE THAT OUR OWN SHARE WILL BE GIVEN TO US WHEN THIS MONEY IS 
TRANSFERRED INTO YOUR ACCOUNT.ALL NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS HAVE BEEN TAKEN 
TO TO ENSURE A NO RISK SITUATION ON THE SIDE OF BOTHPARTIES AND IT IS 
BELIEVED THAT THIS TRANSACTION WILL LAST 20 WORKING DAYS, BARRING ANY 
DELAYS. SINCE WE HAVE NO KNOWLEDGE OF BUSINESS, OUR PLAN IS TO INVEST 
THIS MONEY INTO REAL ESTATE, STOCK AND PERHAPS IMPORTATION OF GOODS 
FROM YOUR COUNTRY BASED ON YOUR ADVISE BECAUSE MANY OF OUR YEARS HAS 
BEEN SPENT AS CIVIL SERVANT,AND WE MAY LIKELY RESIGN FROM GOVERMENT 
SERVICE TO PRIVATE BUSINESS AFTER THIS MONEY IS TRANFERED INTO YOUR 
ACCOUNT. 
 
Please note that we have been careful and have worked out all the 
modalities for a smooth transfer of the fund to your designated Bank 
Account before contacting you. We would therefore not want you to 
expose this proposal to anybody for the purpose of SECURITY and its 
CONFIDENTIALITY. We alsobelieve you would not sit on our money when it 
is transferred eventually into your account as you get your 30% share. 
Please, be rest assured that this transaction is 100% risk free. 
 
REPLY TO MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADDRESS : clicfwanton@rixmail.se 
 
Yours faithfully, 
ENGR. CLICF WANTOM 
clicfwanton@rixmail.se 


</p>

</body></html>