<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE GIVE URGENT RESPONSE TO THIS MAIL..." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;jasir kelzi&quot; &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jasir kelzi &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.msn.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-23T14:05:51Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jasir_kelzi101@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F13A2194D37AD0CA046B82AF3260@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jasir_kelzi101@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE GIVE URGENT RESPONSE TO THIS MAIL..." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="23 Sep 2006 14:05:53.0583 (UTC) FILETIME=[61DF2BF0:01C6DF19]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sat, 23 Sep 2006 07:05:53 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F13A2194D37AD0CA046B82AF3260@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;jasir kelzi&quot; &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="jasir kelzi &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;jasir kelzi&quot; &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jasir kelzi &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-23T14:05:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-23T14:05:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="23 Sep 2006 14:05:53.0583 (UTC) FILETIME=[61DF2BF0:01C6DF19]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 23 10:06:08 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt; Sat, 23 Sep 2006 07:05:53 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jasir kelzi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;jasir kelzi&quot; &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="jasir kelzi &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3072" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jasir kelzi &lt;jasir_kelzi26@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F13A2194D37AD0CA046B82AF3260@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE GIVE URGENT RESPONSE TO THIS MAIL...</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF DR.JASIR KELZI,
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING MANAGER,
BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A)
OUAGADOUGOU-BURKINA FASO.
BANK WEBSITE:www.bkofafrica.net
PRIVATE TELEPHONE:00226-70-357-881

I am the manager of auditing and accounting  department of BANK OF AFRICA 
(B.O.A) here in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. In my department we discovered an 
abandoned sum of US$20.5m dollars (Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand US 
dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer (MR. 
ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich, Germany) who died along with his entire 
family in Jully 2000 in a plane crash.For more informations about the crash 
you can visit this site: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm
Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of 
kin to come over and claim his money because we can not release it unless 
some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as 
indicated in our banking guidlings and laws but unfortunately we learnt that 
all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the 
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this 
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you,so that 
the money can be  release to you as the next of kin or relation to the 
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody will come for 
it and we don't want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed 
dormant fund.
The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after six years, the money will be transfered into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed dormant fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin 
in this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a 
foreigner and a Burkinabe like me  can not stand as next of kin to a 
foreigner.
I agreed that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the 
provision of a foriegn account ,10% will be set aside for expenses incurred 
during the business and 60% would be for me.Thereafter, I will visit your 
country for disbursement according to the percentage indicated Therefore, to 
enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you arranged,you must apply 
first to the bank as relation or next of kin to the deceased customer with a 
text of application that i will send to you,but before i send to you the 
text of application form,I will like you to send me the following 
informations.
1. NAME IN FULL:................................
2. ADDRESS:.......................................
3. NATIONALITY:...................................
4. AGE:.............................................
5. Sex..............................................
6. OCCUPATION:......................................
7. MARITAL STATUS:..................................
8. PRIAVTE PHONE NO............................................
9. PRIVATE FAX NO:.............................................
so i will like you to send to me those informations for easy and effective 
communication,also location where the money will be remitted.
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of 
the application form.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch-free 
and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required 
arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should contact me 
immediately as soon as you receive this letter,if only you are intrested and 
ready to help.
Trusting to hear from you immediately.
Yours Faithfully,
DR.JASIR KELZI
MANAGER AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING DEPARTMENT
BANK OF AFRICA

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.com/



</p>

</body></html>