<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gAPG4tj30355" />
<meta name="subject" content="Trustee" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO &lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sesm@omaninfo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-11-25T16:04:42Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sesm1@epatra.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gAPG4tj30355" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sesm1@epatra.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Trustee" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200211251604.gAPG4Zq26358@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO " />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO &lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO &lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-11-25T16:04:42Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-11-25T16:04:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;	by bloodwork.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id gAPG4Zq26358; Mon, 25 Nov 2002 11:04:39 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 25 11:04:59 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt; by bloodwork.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id gAPG4Zq26358; Mon, 25 Nov 2002 11:04:39 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200211251604.gAPG4Zq26358@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO " />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO &lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-31" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS. M SESE-SEKO &lt;sesm@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200211251604.gAPG4Zq26358@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Trustee</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MRS. M SESE-SEKO 

DEAR FRIEND, 

I AM MRS.  SESE-SEKO WIDOW OF LATE PRESIDENT MOBUTU 
SESE-SEKO OF ZAIRE? NOW KNOWN AS DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC 
OF CONGO (DRC).  I AM MOVED TO WRITE YOU THIS LETTER, 
THIS WAS IN CONFIDENCE  CONSIDERING MY PRESENT 
CIRCUMSTANCE AND SITUATION. 

I ESCAPED ALONG WITH MY HUSBAND AND TWO OF OUR SONS 
KONGOLO AND NZANGA  OUT OF DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF 
CONGO (DRC) TO ABIDJAN, COTE D'IVOIRE WHERE MY FAMILY 
AND I SETTLED, WHILE WE LATER MOVED  TO SETTLED IN 
MORROCO WHERE MY HUSBAND LATER DIED OF CANCER 
DISEASE. HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION WE DECIDED TO 
CHANGED  MOST OF MY HUSBAND'S BILLIONS OF DOLLARS 
DEPOSITED IN SWISS BANK AND OTHER COUNTRIES INTO OTHER 

FORMS OF MONEY CODED FOR  SAFE PURPOSE BECAUSE THE NEW 

HEAD OF STATE OF (DR) MR LAURENT  KABILA HAS MADE 
ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SWISS GOVERNMENT AND OTHER 
EUROPEAN COUNTRIES TO FREEZE ALL MY LATE HUSBAND'S 
TREASURES  DEPOSITED IN SOME EUROPEAN COUNTRIES. HENCE 

MY CHILDREN AND I DECIDED LAYING LOW IN AFRICA TO 
STUDY THE SITUATION TILL  WHEN THINGS GETS BETTER, 
LIKE NOW THAT PRESIDENT KABILA IS DEAD AND THE SON 
TAKING OVER (JOSEPH KABILA). ONE OF MY LATE HUSBAND'S 
CHATEAUX IN SOUTHERN FRANCE WAS CONFISCATED  BY THE 
FRENCH GOVERNMENT, AND AS SUCH I HAD TO CHANGE MY 
IDENTITY  SO THAT MY INVESTMENT WILL NOT BE TRACED AND 

CONFISCATED. I HAVE DEPOSITED THE SUM OF EIHGTEEN 
MLLION UNITED STATE DOLLARS(US$18,000,000,00.)  WITH A 


SECURITY COMPANY , FOR SAFEKEEPING. THE  FUNDS ARE 
SECURITY CODED TO PREVENT THEM FROM KNOWING THE 
CONTENT. WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO IS TO INDICATE YOUR 
INTEREST THAT YOU WILL ASSIST US BY RECEIVING THE 
MONEY ON OUR BEHALF.ACKNOWLEDGE THIS MESSAGE, SO THAT 
I CAN INTRODUCE YOU TO MY SON (KONGOLO) WHO HAS THE 
OUT MODALITIES FOR THE CLAIM OF THE SAID FUNDS. I WANT 

YOU TO ASSIST IN INVESTING THIS MONEY, BUT I WILL NOT 
WANT MY IDENTITY REVEALED. I WILL ALSO WANT TO BUY 
PROPERTIES AND STOCK IN MULTI-NATIONAL COMPANIES AND 
TO ENGAGE IN OTHER SAFE AND NON-SPECULATIVE 
INVESTMENTS. MAY I AT THIS POINT EMPHASISE THE HIGH 
LEVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY,  WHICH THIS BUSINESS 
DEMANDS, AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY THE TRUST AND 
CONFIDENCE, WHICH I REPOSE IN YOU. IN CONCLUSION,  IF 
YOU WANT TO ASSIST US , MY SON SHALL PUT YOU IN THE 
PICTURE  OF THE BUSINESS, TELL YOU WHERE THE FUNDS ARE 

CURRENTLY BEING  MAINTAINED AND ALSO DISCUSS OTHER 
MODALITIES INCLUDING REMUNERATION FOR YOUR SERVICES. 

FOR THIS REASON KINDLY FURNISH US YOUR CONTACT 
INFORMATION, THAT IS YOUR PERSONAL TELEPHONE AND FAX 
NUMBER FOR CONFIDENTIAL PURPOSE AND ACKNOWLEDGE 
RECEIPT OF THIS MAIL USING THE ABOVE EMAIL ADDRESS. 

BEST REGARDS, 

MRS M. SESE SEKO 



</p>

</body></html>