<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu id k8SHDOt3023186" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="drmarkw68@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Business.." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.Mark Chuks&quot; &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Mark Chuks &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.live.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drmarkw68@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-28T17:13:18Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="drmarkchuks2006w@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu id k8SHDOt3023186" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY12-F1428F646978DA2D8DCA228B51B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="drmarkchuks2006w@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Business.." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="28 Sep 2006 17:13:22.0263 (UTC) FILETIME=[66AC4670:01C6E321]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 28 Sep 2006 10:13:22 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY12-F1428F646978DA2D8DCA228B51B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[drmarkw68@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.Mark Chuks&quot; &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Mark Chuks &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.Mark Chuks&quot; &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Mark Chuks &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-28T17:13:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-28T17:13:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="28 Sep 2006 17:13:22.0263 (UTC) FILETIME=[66AC4670:01C6E321]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="drmarkw68@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 28 13:13:51 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[drmarkw68@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 28 Sep 2006 10:13:22 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Mark Chuks" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.Mark Chuks&quot; &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Mark Chuks &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3088" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.Mark Chuks &lt;drmarkw68@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY12-F1428F646978DA2D8DCA228B51B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Business..</title>
</head>
<body><p>Box 1287 Port Shepstone
Chaka -South Africa.



{URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL}
RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}
{ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS)
*******************************************

Dear Sir/Madam,

We want to transfer to overseas ($ 126,000.000.00 USD)
One hundred and Twenty six million United States
Dollars) from a Bank in Africa, You can serve to
receive this money, as long as you will remain honest
to me till the end for this important business
trusting in you and believing in God that you will
never let me down either now or in future.

I am Dr.Mark Chuks, the Auditor General of a bank in
Africa, during the course of our auditing I discovered
a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in
1995 and since 1998 nobody has operated on this
account again, after going through some old files in
the records I discovered that the owner of the account
died without a [heir] hence the money is floating and
if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be
forfeited for nothing. the owner of this account is
Mr. Frankline Sullivan, a foreigner, and a sailor, and
he died, since 1998. and no other person knows about
this account or any thing concerning it, the account
has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved
to me as well that Frankline Sullivan until his death
was the manager Sulliv Coy.(pty). SA.

We will start the first transfer with Twenty six
million [$26,000.000] upon successful transaction
without any disappoint from your side, we shall
re-apply for the payment of the remaining rest amount
to your account.

The amount involved is (USD 126M) One hundred and
Twenty Six million United States Dollars, only I want
to first transfer $26,000.000 [Twenty Six million
United States Dollar from this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad before the rest, but I don't
know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as a
foreigner because this money can not be approved to a
local person here, without valid international foreign
passport, but can only be approved to any foreigner
with valid international passport or drivers license
and foreign a/c because the money is in us dollars and
the former owner of the a/c Mr. Frankline Sullivan is
a foreigner too, [and the money can only be approved
into a foreign a/c.

However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind us
together I got your contact address from my secretary
who operates computer, I am revealing this to you with
believe in God that you will never let me down in this
business, So please reply urgently so that I will
inform you the next step to take urgently. Send also
your private telephone and fax number including the
full details of the account to be used for the
deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and
to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together
before transferring the money to any account of your
choice where the fund will be safe. Before we fly to
your country for withdrawal, sharing and investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine.
because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account, which I will give to you, upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you are
capable and will meet up with instruction of a key
bank official who is deeply involved with me in this
business.

I need your strong assurance that you will never,
never let me down.

With my influence and the position of the bank
official we can transfer this money to any foreigner's
reliable account which you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our physical
arrival in your country for sharing. The bank official
will destroy all documents of transaction immediately
we receive this money leaving no trace to any place
and to build confidence you can come immediately to
discuss with me face to face after which I will make
this remittance in your presence and three of us
willfly to your country at least two days ahead of the
money going into the account.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately
I hear from you that you are ready to act and receive
this fund in your account. I will use my position and
influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward
transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries
and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
35% of the total amount, 60% will be for me, while 5%
will be for expÿenses both parties might have incurred
during the process of transferring.

I look forward to hear from you.

Best Regard,

Dr.Mark Chuks.

_________________________________________________________________
Get the ultimate real-time chat experience - Windows Live Messenger! 
http://messenger.live.com



</p>

</body></html>