<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Assalamualaikum" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Amina Hannah Hatleberg.&quot; &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Amina Hannah Hatleberg. &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-28T18:20:19Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Assalamualaikum" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200609281818.k8SIInkJ014248@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Amina Hannah Hatleberg.&quot; &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Amina Hannah Hatleberg. &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Amina Hannah Hatleberg.&quot; &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Amina Hannah Hatleberg. &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-28T18:20:19Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-28T18:20:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 28 14:18:58 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200609281818.k8SIInkJ014248@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Amina Hannah Hatleberg." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Amina Hannah Hatleberg.&quot; &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Amina Hannah Hatleberg. &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3089" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Amina Hannah Hatleberg. &lt;aminahatleberg0@inmail24.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200609281818.k8SIInkJ014248@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Assalamualaikum</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Assalamualaikum

My name is Amina Hannah Hatleberg from America. I am the surviving
Daughter of
Dr. and Mrs Hatleberg who died as a result of plane crash of Alaska
Airlines Flight 261 which crashed on January 31 2000. My family
converted to Islam in 1998. When my late Parent were alive, my father
deposited the sum of$8.5 Million (eight million five hundred thousand
U.S. Dollars) with International Diplomatic service firm in south east
Asia with purpose to invest the fund in Islamic foundation in Asia
before death took him, The fund is still under safe keeping with the
International Diplomatic firm in south east Asia, hence am contacting
you to help me to achieve this project in your country.

Two years ago I fell sick and my doctor told me I had
cancer, I had tried all my best to treat myself with every medical
expert but there is no improvement, Currently my Doctor told me that I
would not last for the next six months due to my cancer problems. Having
known my condition, I decided to donate this fund to mosque, Islamic
school authority or better Muslim individual that will utilize this
money the way I instruct. I want this fund to be disburse to,
orphanages, widows promoting the work of Almighty Allah, needies and to
promote work of almighty Allah in your country. The Koran made us to
understand that blessed is the hand that giveth. I took this decision
because I don't have anybody left except Almighty Allah and my Father
relatives are Christians and unbelievers. I don't want my Father hard
earned money to be misused by unbelievers because I know he will be
rejoicing in the bosom of Allah if this fund is spent to promote the
work of almighty Allah. I don't want a situation where this money will
be used in an ungodly manner. That's the reason for taking this bold
decision. I am not afraid of death since I know where I am going. I know
that I am going to be in the heaven. I don't need any telephone
communication in this regard because my health. With Allah all things
are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I will instruct the
DIPLOMATIC operation manager and my Father lawyer in London to furnish
you with more details on how to receive this fund.

I will also instruct him to issue you a letter of authority that
will empower you as the original-beneficiary of this fund. I want you
and the Moslem to always pray for me because in almighty Allah I put my
hope. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Moslem. Whosever
that wants to serve Allah must serve him in spirit and truth. Please
always be prayerful all through your life. And reply me through my e-
mail address as delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for
another faith member for this same purpose. Please assure me that you
will act accordingly as I stated here. As I am disabled and can not be
able to move around and do much due to am presently very ill, I will
really appreciate your urgent respond through my Email address as the
internet is my only mean of communicating. Or through the help of a
nurse here who is so kind to assist me in the hospital and taking care
of me

You can read more about this crash by visiting this
website, &lt;http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/&gt;
and &lt;http://www.nativefederation.org/history/people/mThompson.html&gt;

Remain blessed in the name of the Allah.

Hannah Hatleberg.






</p>

</body></html>