<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[80.88.139.235]" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT  ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;daniel bello&quot; &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="daniel bello &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//join.msn.com/?page=features/junkmail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="danbello07@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-07-10T23:47:45Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="danbello07@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="danbello07@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="danbello07@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT  ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY7-F50SeKg1bzuDwP00000afd@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="10 Jul 2003 23:47:45.0891 (UTC) FILETIME=[A9815B30:01C3473D]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F50SeKg1bzuDwP00000afd@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[danbello07@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;daniel bello&quot; &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="daniel bello &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;daniel bello&quot; &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="daniel bello &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-07-10T23:47:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-07-10T23:47:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;	by magnumforce.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h6ANlkH09816	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Thu, 10 Jul 2003 19:47:46 -0400 (EDT)	Thu, 10 Jul 2003 23:47:45 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="SIR," />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="10 Jul 2003 23:47:45.0891 (UTC) FILETIME=[A9815B30:01C3473D]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jul 10 19:47:51 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[danbello07@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt; by magnumforce.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h6ANlkH09816 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Thu, 10 Jul 2003 19:47:46 -0400 (EDT) Thu, 10 Jul 2003 23:47:45 GMT REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE-STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="daniel bello" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;daniel bello&quot; &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="daniel bello &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[80.88.139.235]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-307" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="daniel bello &lt;danbello07@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F50SeKg1bzuDwP00000afd@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>URGENT  ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF
DR.DAN BELLO
FEDERAL MINISTRY OF PETROLUEM RESOURCES(F.M.P.R)
LAGOS NIGERIA.

ATTN:SIR,

       REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE-STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

I am DR.DAN BELLO, an accountant in the Ministry of petroleum Resources 
(MPR) and a member of a three-man Tender Board in charge of contract review 
and payment approvals. I came to know of you in my search for a reliable 
person to handle a very confidential transaction that involves the transfer 
of a huge sum of money to a foreign account. It may sound strange but 
exercise patience and read on. There were series of contracts executed by a 
consortium Multinational in the Oil industry in favor of Ministry of 
Petroleum Resources among which were:
1. The extension of pipeline network within Nigeria for crude oil, Down 
stream products distribution and subsequent evacuation- US$ 195 Million.

2. Contract for the Turn Around Maintenance (TAM) of the various refineries 
in the country~ US$ 152Million.

3. The construction of storage tanks for petroleum products (Depots) US$240 
Million. The original values of this contract were deliberately over 
invoiced to the sum of US $35.5million American Dollars which has now been 
approved and is now ready to be transferred being that the companies that 
actually executed these contracts has been fully paid and project officially 
commissioned. consequently, my colleagues and I are willing to transfer the 
total amount to your account for subsequent disbursement since we are Civil 
Servant and are prohibited by the Code of Conduct Bureau (Civil Servant 
Laws) from opening operating foreign account in our names. Needless to say, 
the trust posed on you at this juncture is enormous. In return, we have 
agreed to offer you 30% of the transferred sum while 10% shall be set aside 
for accidental expenses (Internal &amp; External) between the parties in the 
course of the transfer. We will mandate you to draw up an investment plan 
for us of which you will control since we cannot bring our shares back to 
Nigeria. We are very interested in investing in real estate in your country. 
You must however note that this transaction is subjected to the following 
termsand conditions:

1. Our conviction of your transparent honesty anddiligence.

2. That you would treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and 
confidentiality because of thecircumstances we now find ourselves.

3. That the funds would be transferred to an account over which you have 
absolute control. Modalities have been worked out at the highest level of 
the presidency at the Central Bank of Nigeria for the immediate transfer of 
the funds within 14 working days, subject to your satisfaction of the above 
stated terms. Our assurance is that your role is 100% risk free. To accord 
this transaction, the legality it deserves and for mutual security of the 
parties involved and the funds, the whole approval procedures will be 
officially and legally processed with your name or the name of your company 
you may nominate as the bonafide beneficiary. Also, be informed that our 
main reason of contacting you is for the obvious reason that we will want to 
invest these funds in the real estate. It is our believe that you can be 
ofimmense help in this regards.

Kindly expedite action so as to enable us include this transaction into this 
batch as payment to foreign contractors is usually carried out on 
quarterlybasis. Please, contact me as soon as possible on my private e-mail 
address:
Best regards,

DR.DAN BELLO

_________________________________________________________________
Tired of spam? Get advanced junk mail protection with MSN 8. 
http://join.msn.com/?page=features/junkmail


</p>

</body></html>