<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM DR JUSTUS LEE/URGENT NEEDED AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;justus lee&quot; &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt; FROM=20" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="justus lee &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-09-30T22:52:26Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="justus_lee002@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&quot; &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt; YOU=20" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="justus_lee002@latinmail.com &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="justus_lee002@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="normal" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="latinmail.com_ltwebml02.localdomain_236e8bbccdce4deaa6a4feaf3f6588c4" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM DR JUSTUS LEE/URGENT NEEDED AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20060930225226.270E76BB187@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;justus lee&quot; &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt; FROM=20" />
<meta name="creator" content="justus lee &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;justus lee&quot; &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt; FROM=20" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="justus lee &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-09-30T22:52:26Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 KIN=20" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-09-30T22:52:26Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 30 17:52:22 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt; THIS=20" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20060930225226.270E76BB187@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="justus lee" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="normal" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;justus lee&quot; &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt; FROM=20" />
<meta name="Author" content="justus lee &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3096" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="justus lee &lt;justus_lee002@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20060930225226.270E76BB187@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<title>FROM DR JUSTUS LEE/URGENT NEEDED AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM DR. JUSTUS LEE THE MANAGER FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPARTMENT,
AFRICA DEVELOPMENT BANK(ADB)
BURKINA FASO.

DEAR PARTNER,

(TOP SECRET)

I AM DR. JUSTUS LEE, THE MANAGER IN CHARGE OF AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING 
SECTION OF AFRICA DEVELOPMENT BANK.AFRICA DEVELOPMENT BANK(ADB) OUAGADOUGOU 
BURKINA-FASO WEST AFRICA ,WITH DUE RESPECT AND REGARD. I HAVE DECIDED TO 
CONTACT YOU ON A BUSINESS TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE VERY BENEFICIAL TO BOTH 
OF US AT THE END OF THE TRANSACTION .

DURING OUR INVESTIGATION AND AUDITING IN THIS BANK, MY DEPARTMENT CAME 
ACROSS A VERY HUGE SUM OF MONEY BELONGING TO A DECEASED PERSON MR.ANDREAS 
SCHRANNER WHO WHO DIED WITH HIS WIFE AND THEIR ONLY DAUGHTER ON JULY 2000 IN 
A PLANE CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN DORMANT IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THIS BANK 
WITHOUT ANY CLAIM OF THE FUND IN OUR CUSTODY EITHER FROM HIS FAMILY OR 
RELATION BEFORE OUR DISCOVERY TO THIS DEVELOPMENT.

THE SAID AMOUNT WAS U.S $10.150M ((TEN MILLION ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTYTHOUSAND 
US DOLLOARS)). AS IT MAY INTEREST YOU TO KNOW, I GOT YOUR IMPRESSIVE 
INFORMATION THROUGH INTERNATION SEARCH IN BURKINA-FASO HERE IN OUAGADOUGOU 
BURKINA-FASO.

MEANWHILE ALL THE WHOLE ARRANGEMENT TO PUT CLAIM OVER THIS FUND AS THE 
BONAFIDE NEXT OF KIN TO THE DECEASED, GET THE REQUIRED APPROVAL AND TRANSFER 
THIS MONEY TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT HAS BEEN PUT IN PLACE AND DIRECTIVES AND 
NEEDED INFORMATION WILL BE RELAYED TO YOU AS SOON AS YOU INDICATE YOUR 
INTEREST AND WILLINGNESS TO ASSIST ME AND ALSO BENEFIT YOUR SELF TO THIS 
GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

IN FACT I COULD HAVE DONE THIS DEAL ALONE BUT BECAUSE OF MY POSITION IN THIS 
COUNTRY AS A CIVIL SERVANT(A BANKER),WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO OPERATE A FOREIGN 
ACCOUNT AND WOULD EVENTUALLY RAISE AN EYE BROW ON MY SIDE DURING THE TIME OF 
TRANSFER BECAUSE I WORK IN THIS BANK. THIS IS THE ACTUAL REASON WHY IT WILL 
REQUIRE A SECOND PARTY OR FELLOW WHO WILL FORWARD CLAIMS AS THE NEXT OF KIN 
WITH AFFIDAVIT OF TRUST OF OATH TO THE BANK AND ALSO PRESENT A FOREIGN 
ACCOUNT WHERE HE WILL NEED THE MONEY TO BE RE-TRANSFERRED INTO ON HIS 
REQUEST AS IT MAY BE AFTER DUE VERIFICATION AND CLARIFICATION BY THE 
CORRESPONDENT BRANCH OF THE BANK WHERE THE WHOLE MONEY WILL BE REMITTED FROM 
TO YOUR OWN DESIGNATION BANK ACCOUNT.

I WILL NOT FAIL TO INFORM YOU THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 100% RISK FREE. ON 
SMOOTH CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION, YOU WILL BE ENTITLED TO 40% OF THE 
TOTAL SUM AS GRATIFICATION, WHILE 60% WILL BE FOR ME. PLEASE, YOU HAVE BEEN 
ADVICED TO KEEP "TOP SECRET" AS I AM STILL IN SERVICE AND INTEND TO RETIRE 
FROM SERVICE AFTER WE CONCLUDE THIS DEAL WITH YOU.

I WILL BE MONITORAING THE WHOLE SITUATION HERE IN THIS BANK UNTIL YOU 
CONFIRM THE MONEY IN YOUR ACCOUNT AND ASK ME TO COME DOWN TO YOUR COUNTRY 
FOR SUBSEQUENT SHARING OF THE FUND ACCORDING TO PERCENTAGES PREVIOUSLY 
INDICATED AND FURTHER INVESTMENT, EITHER IN YOUR COUNTRY OR ANY COUNTRY YOU 
ADVICE US TO INVEST IN. ALL OTHER NECESSARY INFORMATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU 
WHEN I HEAR FROM YOU.
TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM YOU. YOU CAN CONTACT ME THROUGH THIS NUMBER(226 
76440063).

YOU CAN VISIT THE SIT HTTP://NEWS.BBC.CO.UK/1/HI/WORLD/EUROPE/859479.STM


YOURS FAITHFULLY,
DR.JUSTUS LEE.

¡Miles de amigos con tus mismas aficiones! http://www.latinchat.com</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>