<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="UGENT  REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;babu martins&quot; &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="babu martins &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-01T15:34:33Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="babu_martins11@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY19-F256CC0E77B50D013500159E1E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="babu_martins11@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="UGENT  REPLY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="01 Oct 2006 15:34:37.0145 (UTC) FILETIME=[1A444490:01C6E56F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sun, 1 Oct 2006 08:34:37 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY19-F256CC0E77B50D013500159E1E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;babu martins&quot; &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="babu martins &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;babu martins&quot; &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="babu martins &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-01T15:34:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-01T15:34:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="01 Oct 2006 15:34:37.0145 (UTC) FILETIME=[1A444490:01C6E56F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Oct  1 11:34:52 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt; Sun, 1 Oct 2006 08:34:37 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="babu martins" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;babu martins&quot; &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="babu martins &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3097" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="babu martins &lt;babu_martinsa14@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY19-F256CC0E77B50D013500159E1E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>UGENT  REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR BABU MARRINS
The Account / Audit Manager,
African Development Bank (ADB).
Ouagadougou Burkina Faso.
PRIVATE PHONE N0: +226  76 49 81 68

Dear Beloved,

I presumed that all is well with you and your family. Please let this do not 
be a surprise proposal to you because i got your contact information from 
the international directory in few weeks ago before i decided to contact you 
on this magintude and lucrative transaction for our future survival in life. 
Moreover, i have laid all the solemn trust in you beforei decided to 
disclose this successful &amp; confidential transaction to you.

IM  MR BABU MARRINS The Account / Audit Manager of our bank and i have had 
the intent to contact you over this financial transaction worth the sum of 
THIRTY THREE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS($33,000,000.00 ) for our 
success.This is an abandoned sum that belongs to one of our bank foreign 
customers who died along with his entire family through plane crash disaster 
since few years ago.

Meanwhile i was very fortune to came across the deceased file when i was 
arranging the old and abandoned customers files in other to sign and submit 
to the entire bank management for an official re-documentation and audit of 
the yearagainst 2007.

Be informed clearly that it was stated in our banking rules and regulations 
which was signed lawfully that if such fund remains unclaimed till the 
period of 4 years started from the date when the beneficiary died, the money 
will be transferred into the treasury as an unclaimed fund.

As a honour and advantage bestowed to our foreign customers base on the 
rules guideing our bank, it was stated obviously that if you are not a 
Burkina Faso citizen, you have the absolute  authority to claim the fund  
despite your differences from the country of origin of the deceased. So the 
request of you as a foreigner is necessary to apply for the claim and 
transfer of the fund smoothly into your reliable bank account as the
NEXT OF KIN to the deceased.

PERCENTAGE RATIO:  note that 35% being (US$11,55,000.00) will be your share 
in respect of your assistance and account provide for the tranfer, 55% 
(18,150,000.00) will be my share being the pioneer of the business while the 
rest 10% (US$3,000,000.00) will be used to install a joint company in your 
country which will bear our name in particular and whatever profit made out 
from this company will be used  in helping the less privileges, mothrless 
babies home and charity organization in the world.

If you are really sure of your trustworthy, accountability and 
confidentiality on his transaction, contact me and agree that you will not 
change your mind to cheat or disappoint me when the fund have getting into 
your account. Besides you should not entertain any fear because i am sure of 
the success as an insider in the bank ok.

Please reply with the assurance, include your private telephone and fax 
numbers necessary for effective and easy communication in this transaction.
As soon as you reply , call me through my private telephone number indicated 
above so that i will let you know the next step to follow in order to 
finalize this transaction immediately.

I expect your urgent communication.

Yours sincerely,

MR BABU MARRINS

_________________________________________________________________
Testez Windows Live Mail Beta ! http://www.ideas.live.com/



</p>

</body></html>