<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CAN I TRUST YOU U$15.000.000.00 TO YOUR ACCOUNT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;FROM@si.UM&quot;:PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="paulsonbenson@263.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-02T07:32:31Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="daemon &lt;daemon@zendo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="daemon &lt;daemon@zendo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="daemon@zendo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;FROM@si.UM&quot;:PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="qzsoft_directmail_seperator" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CAN I TRUST YOU U$15.000.000.00 TO YOUR ACCOUNT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;FROM@si.UM&quot;:PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20061002073231.3C5B9C123@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;FROM@si.UM&quot;:PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;FROM@si.UM&quot;:PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-02T07:32:31Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 charset=&quot;DEFAULT&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-02T07:32:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct  2 03:54:55 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt; boundary=&quot;qzsoft_directmail_seperator&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20061002073231.3C5B9C123@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="PAULSON BENSON" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;FROM@si.UM&quot;:PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3099" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="PAULSON BENSON &lt;paulsonbenson@263.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20061002073231.3C5B9C123@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>CAN I TRUST YOU U$15.000.000.00 TO YOUR ACCOUNT</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>
FROM:PAULSON BENSON
TEL:+27-73-7830-560
JOHANNESBURG,
SOUTH AFRICA
 
 
ATTN: MANAGING DIRECTOR/CEO
 
URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL
 
 
I am Mr.PAULSON  BENSON the elder son of late Mr.JAMES BENSON of Zimbabwe. I got your contact address from the South African Chambers of Commerce and Industry please don't worry. During the current crises against the farmers of Zimbabwe by the supporters of our President Robert Mugabe to claim all the white owned farms in my country, 
 
he ordered all the white farmers to surrender their farms to his party members and their followers. My father was one of the biggest farmers in the country and although a black indegene, he did not support the President?s political ideology.Therefore, the president?s supporters invaded my father?s farm burnt down everything, killed him and confiscated all his investments. After the death of my father,
 
 my mother and I together with my younger brother decided to move out of Zimbabwe for the safety of our lives. On our departure from Zimbabwe,we took along with us some money which my father kept in the safe in my mother?s custody which amounted to the sum of US$15,000,000.00 (FIFTEEN
MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS) to the Republic of South Africa where we have deposited it as personal valuables in a private security company and sought  for political asylum. My mother has suggested and I agree that we have to further move out of the African continent to overseas for actual safety and to do reliable business investments.
 
Therefore we have decided that I should contact any reliable overseas person/firm/company who could assist us to transfer this money out of South Africa through a current investment account because as refugees  we are not allowed to operate any account exceeding US$2,000(Two Thousand US Dollars). So we need your help to come down to South Africa to open a bank account through which we can transfer this money to your country.If my proposal is considered, 
 
for assisting us to Transfer this money to your country, we unanimously agree to offer you 20% of the total fund,5% will be for any expenses that may be incuured during the
transaction ,75% will be for me and my family to invest in your country under your assistance.
 
For detailed information, you can contact me on my direct line or my private e-mail:
TEL : +27-73-783-0560 
FAX:+27-11-507-6392
EMAIL=paulsonbenson6@yahoo.com.hk

NOTE: PLEASE,FOR REASON OF OUR ASYLUM STATUS DO MAINTAIN ABSOLUTE CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECRECY WHILE WE ALSO PROMISE TO DO SAME. I ASSURE YOU THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 100%RISKFREE.
 
TIME IS OF ESSENCE.YOUR URGENT RESPONSE WILL BE HIGHLY APPRECIATED.
 
BEST REGARDS
 
PAULSON BENSON
</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>