<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="196.46.153.9" />
<meta name="subject" content="Greetings from Mr.Johnson" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Johnson Gube&quot; &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt; RE: TRANSFER OF US$28.5MILLION." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Johnson Gube &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-02T20:58:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="johnsongube4@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-telex" content="5394" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jonsongube1110@yahoo.fr " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jonsongube1110@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Greetings from Mr.Johnson" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Johnson Gube&quot; &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt; RE: TRANSFER OF US$28.5MILLION." />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Johnson Gube &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Johnson Gube&quot; &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt; RE: TRANSFER OF US$28.5MILLION." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Johnson Gube &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-02T20:58:23Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-swift" content="GRAFITR CTNOU" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 Dear friend," />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-02T20:58:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct  2 17:06:25 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Johnson Gube" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Johnson Gube&quot; &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt; RE: TRANSFER OF US$28.5MILLION." />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Johnson Gube &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="196.46.153.9" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3105" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Johnson Gube &lt;johnsongube4@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>Greetings from Mr.Johnson</title>
</head>
<body><p>GRAND FINANCE AND TRUST BANK.
RUE CLUB DE L' AMITIE,
0251 B.P. 1625 
COTONOU,
BENIN REPUBLIC.
TELEX: 5394
SWIFT: GRAFITR CTNOU
                
              Dear friend,
                       
                   RE: TRANSFER OF US$28.5MILLION.

Compliments Of The 
Day, Permit me to introduce myself
to you. 
      
My name is MR.
JOHNSON GUBE,a top Management Official
of the above Finance Corporation 
in Cotonou, Benin
Republic.

I came to know about you in my private 
search for a
reliable person/company to handle an important
assingment 
on behalf of my Colleagues and myself.

MY PROPOSITION: An Australian 
Engr Donald Pepper, a
prosperous oil &amp; Gold merchant had in our Bank 
the sum
of $28.5million in a domiciliary account.
Unfortunately, he was 
killed in a ghastly motor
accident in Benin Republic. Efforts had been 
made by
the management of my bank through the Australian
Embassy to 
contact any of the deceased children but to
no avail.

We later 
discovered that he had no children.Given the
skeletal information 
available to the bank,it has so
far been impossible to reach any of the 
relatives. The
situation left for the Management is to declare the
deceased account dormant and revert the funds to
trading for interest 
to the Bank. In order to avoid
this development, my Colleagues and I 
now seek your
approval to have you stand as a distant relative to
Engr 
Donald Pepper,so that the money would be released
to you.

All 
documents and proofs to enable you get the money
will be carefully 
packaged once we receive your
interest in this proposal.I shall apply 
for a leave as
soon as the funds get into your reliable account to
come 
to your country for sharing and investments which
you will assist me in 
doing.

May I assure you that this is safe and risk-free, as
we have 
taken care of all necessary modalities to
ensure a hitch-free movement. 
I have the authority of
my partners involved in this assignment to 
propose
that should you be willing to assist us in this,your
share 
would be 30%.

I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you
will not disappoint me. Call me immediately to show
that you have 
recieved this mail and I will brief you
more on the successful transfer 
process.

Best Regards,

MR.JOHNSON GUBE.
PHONE NUMBER:+229-95403548




</p>

</body></html>