<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ASSISTANT PLEASE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mrs ajaha ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mrs ajaha ahmed &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-03T10:00:30Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY18-F25E41CFF928DE459D50AD6E01C0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ASSISTANT PLEASE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="03 Oct 2006 10:00:35.0404 (UTC) FILETIME=[C548C8C0:01C6E6D2]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-follow" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Tue, 3 Oct 2006 03:00:35 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY18-F25E41CFF928DE459D50AD6E01C0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mrs ajaha ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mrs ajaha ahmed &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mrs ajaha ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mrs ajaha ahmed &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-03T10:00:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 You can also confirm this in the website as" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-03T10:00:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="03 Oct 2006 10:00:35.0404 (UTC) FILETIME=[C548C8C0:01C6E6D2]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Oct  3 06:00:45 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt; Tue, 3 Oct 2006 03:00:35 -0700 http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mrs ajaha ahmed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mrs ajaha ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mrs ajaha ahmed &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3106" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mrs ajaha ahmed &lt;mrs.ajaha_a110@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY18-F25E41CFF928DE459D50AD6E01C0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT ASSISTANT PLEASE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF: MRS AJAHA AHMED
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB)
BILL AND EXCHANGE DEPARTMENT,
OFFSHORE OFFICE,OUAGADOUGOU,
BURKINA-FASO.

Dear Friend,

I am the Bill and Exchange(assistant) Manager of the Africa development 
Bank,
In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of USD$11.300.000 (ELEVEN 
MILLION THREE HUNDERS U.S.A DOLLARS). In an account that belongs to one of 
our foreign customer who died along with his wife and two children in July 
2000 in a plane crash. Since we got information about his death, we have 
been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we 
cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation 
to the deceased, as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we 
learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him 
in the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

                          You can also confirm this in the website as 
follow:

                      http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

It is therefore upon this discovery that I in my department now decided to 
make this business proposals to you and release the money to you as next of 
kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since 
nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund. The banking law and guidelines here stipulates 
that if such money remains unclaimed after  five years, the money will be 
transferred into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund.
The request of foreigner in this transaction is necessary because our late 
customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a 
foreigner. We agree that 27% of this money will be for you as foreigner 
partner, in respect to the provision of a foreign account,3% will be set 
aside for expenses incurred during the business and 70% would be for me and 
my colleague, after which we shall  visit your country for disbursement 
according to the percentages indicated. Therefore to enable the immediate 
transfer of this fund to you as arranged, you must apply first to the bank, 
and send your account number, your private telephone and fax number for easy 
and effective communication and location where  the money will be remitted.
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or e-mail the text of 
the application which you shall retype and fax to our foreign remittance 
maneger,for easy execution of the transaction.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is 100% 
hitch-free on both side. As all required arrangement have been made for the 
transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this 
letter.

Trusting to receive your urgent reply through my alternative Email 
:mrs_ajaha66@yahoo.fr
Best regards.

MRS AJAHA AHMED
BILL AND EXCHANGE (ASSIST.)MANAGER,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK ANNEXE,
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO.

_________________________________________________________________
Testez Windows Live Mail Beta ! http://www.ideas.live.com/



</p>

</body></html>