<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CAN YOU HELP US PLS    CAN YOU HELP US PLS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MICHEAL BALOY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="2776 44 10054." />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-06T17:00:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CAN YOU HELP US PLS    CAN YOU HELP US PLS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20061006163844.158BCC15C@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MICHEAL BALOY" />
<meta name="creator" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MICHEAL BALOY" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-06T17:00:27Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-06T17:00:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;michaelbaloy@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Oct  6 13:00:58 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;michaelbaloy@yahoo.com&gt; call me on my number +2776 44 10054.reply back with my" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20061006163844.158BCC15C@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MICHEAL BALOY" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MICHEAL BALOY" />
<meta name="Author" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3119" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="michaelbaloy@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20061006163844.158BCC15C@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>CAN YOU HELP US PLS    CAN YOU HELP US PLS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MICHEAL BALOY
TEL:2776 44 10054.
EMAIL:michaelbaloy@yahoo.com 

Dear Sir &amp; Madam

I know you will be surprise to receive this letter. I am
MR.MICHEAL BALOY the only son of the General 
EDWARD BALOY who was killed during a bloody shoot out claimed
the lives of 24 Cols and Generals including the life of the
late  SAVIMBI of republic of ANGOLA.

I got your contact through the South African information of
Exchange (S.A.I.E) regarding your trust worthy, as such; I
decided to ask for your assistance to transfer some money
Out of South Africa into your personal or company account.

Be fore my father's death, he was the General in charge of
Arms and Ammunition purchase for the Republic of Angola
Arms Forces. And in his will he specifically drew my
at! tention to the sum of US$35.7 MIL! LION United State
Dollars) which deposited in a private Security and finance
company in South Africa.

IN FACT MY FATHER SAID IN HIS "WILL"AND I QUOTE. MY BELOVED
SON, I WISH TO DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE SUM OF US$35.7
MILION, WHICH I DEPOSITED IN PRIVATE SECURITY AND FINANCE
COMPANY IN SOUTH AFRICA (JOHANNESBURG) LIFE BEING
UNPREDICTABLE ESPECIALLY IN THE MILLITARY. INCASE OF
ANYTHING TOMMORROW DO TAKE CARE OF YOUR MOTHER AND MAKE 
SURE SHE DO NOT LACK ANYTHING.

&gt;From the above, you will understand that the lives and our
future  depend on this money, as such we will
be very grateful if you can assist us. We are now leaving
in South Africa as political asylum Seekers and financial
law of republic of South Africa do not allow Asylum seekers
certain financial right to such huge amount of money. In
view of this, I cannot invest this money in South Africa,
hence my ! asking you to assist me to trans! fer this money out
of South Africa to your own personal or Company account
overseas for investment purposes.

For your effort my family is willing to offer you 30% of
the total Money, while 5% will be put aside for local and
international expenses Incurred during the transaction and
the balance I intend to invest in a Profitable venture in
your country or else where you may advice. Please Note that
this transaction is 100% risk free, the major thing I
require from you is absolute ASSURANCE that the money will
be safe when transferred to your account

Finally, modalities on how to transfer this money will be
discussed Once a genuine interest from you is shown.you can
 call me on my number +2776 44 10054.reply back with my 
allternative email address: michaelbaloy@aim.com 

Thanks and God Bles! s You,

Best Regards.

MR. MICHEAL BALOY(FOR THE FAMILY)



</p>

</body></html>