<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM THE DESK OF : MUSA GARUBA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;musa garuba&quot; &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt; IN A PLANE CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN DORMANT IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THI=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="musa garuba &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="musa_garuba55@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-10T16:24:49Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/mixed; boundary=&quot;latinmail.com_ltwebml03.localdomain_6694695d0e85e59217ee334e2cbded9d&quot; AND ALSO PRESENT A FOREIGN ACCOUNT WHERE HE WILL NEED THE MONEY TO BE =" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&quot; &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt; A FOREIGN ACCOUNT HAS BEEN PUT IN PLACE AND DIRECTIVES AND NEEDED INFO=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="musa_garuba55@latinmail.com &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="musa_garuba55@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-bogosity" content="No, tests=bogofilter, spamicity=0.500001, version=0.15.13" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="normal" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="latinmail.com_ltwebml03.localdomain_6694695d0e85e59217ee334e2cbded9d" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM THE DESK OF : MUSA GARUBA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	by smtp.latinmail.com (Postfix) with SMTP	id AA877B09345; Tue, 10 Oct 2006 18:24:49 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20061010162449.AA877B09345@smtp.latinmail.com&gt; INDICATED AND FURTHER INVESTMENT, EITHER IN YOUR COUNTRY OR ANY COUNTR=" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;musa garuba&quot; &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt; IN A PLANE CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN DORMANT IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THI=" />
<meta name="creator" content="musa garuba &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;musa garuba&quot; &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt; IN A PLANE CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN DORMANT IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THI=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="musa garuba &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-10T16:24:49Z" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/mixed; boundary=&quot;latinmail.com_ltwebml03.localdomain_6694695d0e85e59217ee334e2cbded9d&quot; AND ALSO PRESENT A FOREIGN ACCOUNT WHERE HE WILL NEED THE MONEY TO BE =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 id AA877B09345; Tue, 10 Oct 2006 18:24:49 +0200 (CEST) END OF THE TRANSACTION ." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Bogosity" content="No, tests=bogofilter, spamicity=0.500001, version=0.15.13" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-10T16:24:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Oct 10 12:28:05 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt; by smtp.latinmail.com (Postfix) with SMTP BUSINESS TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE VERY BENEFICIAL TO BOTH OF US AT THE=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20061010162449.AA877B09345@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 FOR SUBSEQUENT SHARING OF THE FUND ACCORDING TO PERCENTAGES PREVIOUSLY=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="musa garuba" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;musa garuba&quot; &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt; IN A PLANE CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN DORMANT IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THI=" />
<meta name="Author" content="musa garuba &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="normal THE TOTAL SUM AS GRATIFICATION, WHILE 10% WILL BE SET ASIDE TO TAKE CA=" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3127" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="musa garuba &lt;musa_garuba55@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20061010162449.AA877B09345@smtp.latinmail.com&gt; INDICATED AND FURTHER INVESTMENT, EITHER IN YOUR COUNTRY OR ANY COUNTR=" />
<title>FROM THE DESK OF : MUSA GARUBA</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM THE DESK OF : MUSA GARUBA,
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING SECTION,
AFRICAN DEVLOPMENT BANK ( A.D.B )
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO,WEST AFRICA.

ATTENTION PLEASE,

I AM MUSA GARUBA, THE DIRECTOR IN CHARGE OF AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING SECTION OF AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B) OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO WEST AFRICA. WITH DUE RESPECT AND REGARD. I HAVE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU ON A BUSINESS TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE VERY BENEFICIAL TO BOTH OF US AT THE END OF THE TRANSACTION .

DURING OUR INVESTIGATION AND AUDITING IN THIS BANK, MY DEPARTMENT CAME ACROSS A VERY HUGE SUM OF MONEY BELONGING TO A DECEASED PERSON WHO DIED IN A PLANE CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN DORMANT IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THIS BANK WITHOUT ANY CLAIM OF THE FUND IN OUR CUSTODY EITHER FROM HIS FAMILY OR RELATION BEFORE OUR DISCOVERY TO THIS DEVELOPMENT.

THE SAID AMOUNT WAS U.S$ 22.85M ( TWENTY TWO MILLION, EIGHTY FIVE THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS). AS IT MAY INTEREST YOU TO KNOW, I GOT YOUR IMPRESSIVE INFORMATION THROUGH INTERNET DIRECTORY . MEANWHILE ALL THE WHOLE ARRANGEMENT TO PUT CLAIM OVER THIS FUND AS THE BONAFIDE NEXT OF KIN TO THE DECEASED, GET THE REQUIRED APPROVAL AND TRANSFER THIS MONEY TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT HAS BEEN PUT IN PLACE AND DIRECTIVES AND NEEDED INFORMATION WILL BE RELAYED TO YOU AS SOON AS YOU INDICATE YOUR INTEREST AND WILLINGNESS TO ASSIST, AND ALSO BENEFIT YOUR SELF TO THIS GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

IN FACT I COULD HAVE DONE THIS DEAL ALONE BUT BECAUSE OF MY POSITION IN THIS COUNTRY AS A CIVIL SERVANT(A BANKER),WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO OPERATE A FOREIGN ACCOUNT AND WOULD EVENTUALLY RAISE AN EYE BROW ON MY SIDE DURING THE TIME OF TRANSFER BECAUSE I WORK IN THIS BANK. THIS IS THE ACTUAL REASON WHY IT WILL REQUIRE A SECOND PARTY OR FELLOW WHO WILL FORWARD CLAIMS AS THE NEXT OF KIN WITH AFFIDAVIT OF TRUST OF OATH TO THE BANK AND ALSO PRESENT A FOREIGN ACCOUNT WHERE HE WILL NEED THE MONEY TO BE RE-TRANSFERRED INTO ON HIS REQUEST AS IT MAY BE AFTER DUE VERIFICATION AND CLARIFICATION BY THE CORRESPONDENT BRANCH OF THE BANK WHERE THE WHOLE MONEY WILL BE REMITTED FROM TO YOUR OWN DESIGNATION BANK ACCOUNT.

I WILL NOT FAIL TO INFORM YOU THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 100% RISK FREE.ON SMOOTH CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION, YOU WILL BE ENTITLED TO 40% OF THE TOTAL SUM AS GRATIFICATION, WHILE 10% WILL BE SET ASIDE TO TAKE CARE OF EXPENSES THAT MAY ARISE DURING THE TIME OF TRANSFER AND ALSO TELEPHONE AND INTERNET BILLS, WHILE 60% WILL BE FOR ME AND MY COLEAGUES. PLEASE, YOU HAVE BEEN ADVICED TO KEEP "TOP SECRET" AS I AM STILL IN SERVICE AND INTEND TO RETIRE FROM SERVICE AFTER WE CONCLUDE THIS DEAL WITH YOU.

I WILL BE MONITORING THE WHOLE SITUATION HERE IN THIS BANK UNTIL YOU CONFIRM THE MONEY IN YOUR ACCOUNT AND ASK ME TO COME DOWN TO YOUR COUNTRY FOR SUBSEQUENT SHARING OF THE FUND ACCORDING TO PERCENTAGES PREVIOUSLY INDICATED AND FURTHER INVESTMENT, EITHER IN YOUR COUNTRY OR ANY COUNTRY YOU ADVICE US TO INVEST IN. ALL OTHER NECESSARY VITAL NFORMATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU WHEN I HEAR FROM YOU.

I LOOK FORWARD TO RECEIVE YOUR PHONE AND FAX NUMBERS FOR EASY COMMUNICATION,

YOURS FAITHFULLY,

MUSA GARUBA.



¡Miles de amigos con tus mismas aficiones! http://www.latinchat.com</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>