<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="aliusalami@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="REPLY URGENTLY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR ALIU SALAMI." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Aliu Salami &lt;aliusalami@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aliusalami@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-13T08:38:14Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="aliusalami1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F2573EBE1F7214DD3CA3A18B00A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="aliusalami1@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPLY URGENTLY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="13 Oct 2006 08:38:17.0392 (UTC) FILETIME=[EE217300:01C6EEA2]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Fri, 13 Oct 2006 01:38:17 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F2573EBE1F7214DD3CA3A18B00A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[aliusalami@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR ALIU SALAMI." />
<meta name="creator" content="Aliu Salami &lt;aliusalami@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR ALIU SALAMI." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Aliu Salami &lt;aliusalami@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-13T08:38:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-13T08:38:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aliusalami@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="13 Oct 2006 08:38:17.0392 (UTC) FILETIME=[EE217300:01C6EEA2]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="aliusalami@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Oct 13 04:38:20 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[aliusalami@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aliusalami@hotmail.fr&gt; Fri, 13 Oct 2006 01:38:17 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Aliu Salami" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR ALIU SALAMI." />
<meta name="Author" content="Aliu Salami &lt;aliusalami@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3136" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Aliu Salami &lt;aliusalami@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F2573EBE1F7214DD3CA3A18B00A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>REPLY URGENTLY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR ALIU SALAMI.
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ANNEX)
BILL AND EXCHANGE DEPARTMENT,
OFFSHORE OFFICE,OUAGADOUGOU,BURKINA-FASO.

Dear,

I know that this letter may come to you as a
surprise, I got your contact address from the
computerized search when I was searching for a
business partner. My name is Mr Aliu Salami, I am the
Bill and Exchange (assistant) Manager of African
Development Bank Ouagadouguo, Burkina Faso.

In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of
eighteen million three hundred thousand United State
of American dollars ($18.3MILLION U.S.A DOLLARS) in an
account that belongs to one of our foreign customer Mr
Hazim Ibrahim from Alexandra Eygpt who died along with
his family in Siber airline that crashed into sea at
Isreal on 4th October 2001.

Since I got information about his death I have been
expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his
money because we cannot release it unless somebody
applies for it as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines, but
unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of
kin or relation died alongside with him in the plane
crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I decided
to make this business proposal to you and release the
money to you as next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since
nobody is coming for it because I don't want the money
to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed Bill. The
banking laws and guidelines here stipulates that if
such money remains unclaimed after five years the
money will be transfered into the bank treasury as
unclaimed fund.

The request of foreigner in this transaction is
necessary because our late customer was a foreigner
and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a
foreigner. I have agreed that 33% of this money will
be for you as foreigner partner in respect to the
provision of a foreign account, 2% will be set aside
for expenses that might occurred during the business
and 65% would be for me, after which I shall visit
your country for disbursement according to the
percentages indicated.

Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of this
fund to you as we arranged you will furnished me with
a good receiving account details where the money will
be transfered, your private telephone and fax number
for easy communication.

Upon receipt of your reply I will send to you by fax
or e-mail a text of the application which you shall
retype and fax to our foreign remittance manager for
easy execution of the transaction.

I will not fail to bring to your notice that this
transaction is 100% hitch-free on both side as all
required arrangement has been made for the transfer.
Please I would like you to keep this transaction
confidential and as a top secret as you may wish to
know that I am a Bank official.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.

Yours Sincerely,
Mr Aliu Salami.

_________________________________________________________________
Découvrez Windows Live Messenger : le futur de MSN Messenger ! 
www.windowslivemessenger.fr



</p>

</body></html>