<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="john_edward03@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;john edward&quot; &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="john edward &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="john_edward03@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-14T12:46:58Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="john_edward@gawab.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY20-F198763210A05B4B075E035910B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="john_edward@gawab.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Oct 2006 12:47:00.0804 (UTC) FILETIME=[D7972840:01C6EF8E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sat, 14 Oct 2006 05:47:00 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY20-F198763210A05B4B075E035910B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[john_edward03@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;john edward&quot; &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="john edward &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;john edward&quot; &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="john edward &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-14T12:46:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-14T12:46:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Oct 2006 12:47:00.0804 (UTC) FILETIME=[D7972840:01C6EF8E]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="john_edward03@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Oct 14 08:47:13 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[john_edward03@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt; Sat, 14 Oct 2006 05:47:00 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="john edward" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;john edward&quot; &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="john edward &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3143" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="john edward &lt;john_edward03@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY20-F198763210A05B4B075E035910B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>TREAT VERY CONFIDENTIAL &amp; URGENT RESPONSE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR. JOHN EDWARD.
BANK OF AFRICA( B.O.A)
OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO.
WEST AFRICAN.
Dear Friend,

I am the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department 
of  bank of africa( B.O.A).In my department we discovered an abandoned sum 
of US$30m dollars (THIRTY MILLION US DOLLARS) in an account that belongs to 
one of our foreign
customer (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich, Germany) who died along with 
his entire family in November 2000 in a plane crash. FOR MORE INFORMATION 
VISIT THIS SITE BELOW
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm
Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of 
kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless 
some body applies for it
as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking 
gildings and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of 
kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody 
behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided 
to make this business proposal to you and release the money to
you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent 
disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to 
go into the bank
treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after six years, the money will be transferred into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund. The
request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by the 
fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next 
of kin to a foreigner. I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a 
respect to the provision of a foreign account , 10% will
be set aside for expenses incurred during the business and 60% would be for 
me Thereafter, I will visit your country for disbursement according to the 
percentage indicated
Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you arranged, 
you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased 
indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone 
and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where in 
the money will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of 
the application .
I will not fail to bring to your notice this transaction is hitch-free and 
that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements 
have been made for the
transfer.

You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter.
Trusting to hear from you immediately.
Yours Faithfully,
MR. JOHN EDWARD.
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
BANK OF AFRICA( B.O.A).

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Hotmail : créez votre adresse e-mail gratuite &amp; à vie ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>