<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="REPLY BACK URGENTLY PLEASE!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Alima Ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs.Alima Ahmed &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-16T13:03:54Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY22-F13BD1C96582B8645CEC96F97090@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPLY BACK URGENTLY PLEASE!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="16 Oct 2006 13:03:57.0432 (UTC) FILETIME=[8A5FC780:01C6F123]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 16 Oct 2006 06:03:57 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY22-F13BD1C96582B8645CEC96F97090@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs.Alima Ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs.Alima Ahmed &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs.Alima Ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs.Alima Ahmed &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-16T13:03:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-16T13:03:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="16 Oct 2006 13:03:57.0432 (UTC) FILETIME=[8A5FC780:01C6F123]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 16 09:04:00 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt; Mon, 16 Oct 2006 06:03:57 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs.Alima Ahmed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs.Alima Ahmed&quot; &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs.Alima Ahmed &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3151" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs.Alima Ahmed &lt;mrs_alima_ahmed108@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY22-F13BD1C96582B8645CEC96F97090@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>REPLY BACK URGENTLY PLEASE!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MRS. ALIMA AHMED
THE BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT.
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
BANK OF AFRICA (BOA)ANNEX
OUAGA-BURKINA FASO.

I am Alima  Ahmed, the manager in charge of auditing and accounting unit 
foreign remittance department of bank of africa (BOA)ouaga-burkina faso in 
west Africa.
With due respect and regards I have decided to contact you on a business 
transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end of the 
transaction ,During our investigation and auditing in the bank, in my 
department I came across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased 
person, a foriegner who died in a plane crash and the fund has been dormant 
in his account with the bank without any claim of the fund in our custody 
either from his family or relation before my discovery to this 
development,Although personally, I kept this information secrete within 
myself and  to enable the whole plans and idea be profitable and uccessful 
during the time of execution.

The amount involved is (us$7,500.000) (Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand 
United State Dollars ). Meanwhile, all the whole arrangement and directives 
needed to put claim over this fund as the next of kin to the deceased, Upon 
your acceptance all the information will be forward to you as soon as you 
indicate your interest and willingness to assist me and also benefit your 
self to this great business opportunity,In fact, I could have done this deal 
alone but because of my position in this country as a civil servant,we are 
not allowed to operate a foriegn account and would eventually raise an eye 
brow on my side during the time of transfer because I work in this bank, 
this is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who 
will forward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust of Oath to 
the bank and also present a foriegn account where you will need the said 
fund to be transferred into, after due verification and clarification to 
designated bank account,I will not fail to inform you that this transaction 
is 100% risk free, On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be 
entitled to 40% of the total sum as ratification, while 10% will be set 
aside to take care of expenses that may arise during the time of transfer 
such as telephone bills etc,While 50% will be for me.

Please you have been adviced to keep top secret as I am still in service and 
intend to retire from service after I conclude this deal with you, I will be 
monitoring the whole situation here in the bank until you confirm the money 
in your account and ask me to come down there for subsequent shearing of the 
fund according to percentages previously indicated and further 
investment,either in your country or any other country you may advice me to 
invest in.
All other necessary information will be sent to you when I hear from you, I 
suggest you get back to me as soon as possible, stating your wish in this 
deal.

Trusting to receive your urgent reply through my alternative Email 
:mrs_alima_ahmed20@yahoo.fr

Your's Sincerely
alima  Ahmed

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>