<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail&quot; &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="a_dnanaki@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-18T13:42:20Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="a_dnanak_i@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="a_dnanak_i@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200610181342.k9IDgsWC002688@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail&quot; &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail&quot; &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-18T13:42:20Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-18T13:42:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Oct 18 09:43:00 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt; This money is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year=2ENo one will ever come forward to claim it=2E According to Laws of United Arab Emirates=2C at the expiration of 7 =28seven=29 years=2C the money will revert to the ownership of the =28U=2EA=2EE=29 Government if nobody applies to claim the fund=2E Consequently=2C my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200610181342.k9IDgsWC002688@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail&quot; &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3163" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail &lt;a_dnanaki@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200610181342.k9IDgsWC002688@jacknife.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>
&gt;From Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail.
Manager National Bank of Dubai Abu Dhabi
branch Dubai United Arab Emirate (U.A.E.)
Email: a_dnanak_i@yahoo.com

I am Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail Branch Manager National Bank of Dubai Abu
Dhabi branch, I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for
you.A British Oil consultant and contractor with the Kruger Gold
Company,Mr. Raymond Beck made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months in my branch. Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.

After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers, the Kruger Gold Company that Mr. Raymond Beck died in a plane crash along with his wife Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Beck died in a plan crash along with his wife in Egypt Air Flight 990, 1999 air crash
(for more information about this crash and person you can contact this
website

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/502503.stm
Since we got this information about his death and on further
investigation,I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.I therefore made further
investigationand discovered that Mr. Raymond Beck did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit
paperwork in my Bank.

 This money is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to Laws of United Arab Emirates, at the expiration of 7 (seven) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the (U.A.E) Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to
stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Raymond Beck so that the fruits of this

old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government
officials.This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your
full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary
documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin.
We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of

probate/administration in your favor for the transfer. A bank account in
any part of the world that you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.

The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you.There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.If you are interested,

Please reply immediately via the private email address above.Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.

Please reply through my private email address: a_dnanak_i@yahoo.com
Awaiting your urgent reply
Regards.
Mr.Adnan A.K.Ismail




</p>

</body></html>