<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="196.47.91.6" />
<meta name="subject" content="I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-18T15:31:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cgd_75h@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chambers444@myway.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chambers444@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-18T15:31:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-18T15:31:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Oct 18 11:34:15 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Charles Brown" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="196.47.91.6" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3164" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Charles Brown &lt;cgd_75h@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Greetings 
 
I am Barr Charles Brown, a Canadian attorney based in 
Manchester, United Kingdom and the personal attorney to Late Mr. Mark 
Michelle, a French National. Late Mr. Mark Michelle until his untimely 
death was a private oil consultant/contractor with the British 
Petroleum Company, herein after shall be referred to as my client. 
 
On 23rd December 2003, my client and his wife with their three 
children were involved in a ghastly auto crash; all occupants of the 
vehicle unfortunately lost their lives. Since then, I have made 
several enquiries with his countrys' embassies to locate any of my 
clients extended relatives. After several unsuccessful attempts, I 
decided to personally contact you with this business partnership 
proposal. 
 
The deceased had a deposit valued presently at Eighteen 
Million United states dollars and the company has issued me a notice 
to provide his next of kin or beneficiary. Having been unsuccessful in 
locating any of my late client relatives for over two (2) years now. I 
am now seeking your consent to present you as the next of 
kin/beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account  
can be paid to you. 
 
I have worked out modalities for achieving my 
aim of appointing a next of 
kin as well as transferring the money 
abroad for us to share in the ratio of 50% for me and 35% for you, and 
we shall collectively donate 10% to the charity homes course while 5% 
will be set aside for any incurable expenses both local and 
international. 
 
The money transfer paperwork itself will include a 
certificate of origin so that 
the receiving bank does not ask 
questions. Also the paperwork will include 
proper certificate that the 
fund being transferred is from non-criminal sources. In short this will 
be a proper and legal money transfer with no risk involved. The 
transaction is guaranteed to succeed without any problem. All I need 
is your trust and confidence. As soon as I hear from you, I shall 
provide you with further clarification that you may need to know. 
 
Best wishes, 
Mr. Charles Brown. 






</p>

</body></html>