<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[195.166.233.134]" />
<meta name="subject" content="urgent reply" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;obina okoro&quot; &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="obina okoro &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//Game.37.com/  &lt;--- Free Games" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//newJoke.com/   &lt;---  J O K E S  ! ! !" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.bigmailbox.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-11-25T17:00:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="obinaokoro@37.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="obinaokoro@37.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="obinaokoro@37.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="obinaokoro@37.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent reply" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Ip" content="[195.166.233.134]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="binary" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200211251700.gAPH0P003475@mail14.bigmailbox.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;obina okoro&quot; &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="obina okoro &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;obina okoro&quot; &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="obina okoro &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-11-25T17:00:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-11-25T17:00:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="binary" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 25 Nov 2002 12:01:13 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="MIME-tools 4.104 (Entity 4.116)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="President/Ceo Business Proposal," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 25 12:01:22 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 25 Nov 2002 12:01:13 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200211251700.gAPH0P003475@mail14.bigmailbox.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="obina okoro" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;obina okoro&quot; &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="obina okoro &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="MIME-tools 4.104 (Entity 4.116)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-32" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="obina okoro &lt;obinaokoro@37.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200211251700.gAPH0P003475@mail14.bigmailbox.com&gt;" />
<title>urgent reply</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN:President/Ceo Business Proposal,
&gt; 
&gt; DEAR SIR,
&gt; 
&gt; I am the manager of bills and exchange at the
&gt; foreignremittance
&gt; department of the ECOBANK Nigeria. I am writing this
&gt; letter to ask
&gt; foryour support and co-operation to carry out this
&gt; business
&gt; opportunity in my department.
&gt; We discovered an unclaimed sum of US$ 25.5 million
&gt; (Twenty-five
&gt; million five hundredthousand United States Dollar
&gt; only) in an account
&gt; that belongs to one of our customers who died a long
&gt; with his entire
&gt; family in November 1997 in plane crash in
&gt; Nigeria.Since we got
&gt; information about his death we have been expecting his
&gt; next of kin
&gt; tocome over and claim his money because we cannot
&gt; release the money
&gt; unless somebodyapplied for it as the next of kin or
&gt; relation to the
&gt; deceased as indicated in ourbanking guidelines.
&gt; 
&gt; Rightaway,neither the family member nor the
&gt; relationhas appeared to
&gt; claim this money, at this discovery another official
&gt; and I in
&gt; thedepartment now decide to do business with you as
&gt; the next of kin
&gt; or relation of thedeceased for safety and sequent
&gt; disbursement since
&gt; nobody is coming for it and wedon't want this money to
&gt; go into the
&gt; bank treasure as an unclaimed debt. The bankinglaw and
&gt; guidelines of
&gt; the ECOBANK Nigeria stipulates that if such money
&gt; remained
&gt; unclaimedfor a period of four (5) years it will be
&gt; transferred into
&gt; the ECOBANK treasury asunclaimed fund. The need for a
&gt; foreigner as
&gt; next of kin in this business is occasionedby the fact
&gt; that the
&gt; customer was a foreigner and cannot stand as his next
&gt; of kinor heir.
&gt; 
&gt; We agreed that 25% of the money will be for youas the
&gt; foreign
&gt; partner, thereafter my colleague and I will visit your
&gt; country
&gt; fordisbursement according to the percentage indicated.
&gt; Therefore to
&gt; enable the immediatetransfer of the fund to you as
&gt; indicated.You must
&gt; apply to the bank as relation ornext of kin of the
&gt; decreased,
&gt; indicating your bank account number and location
&gt; wherein the money
&gt; will be remitted. Upon receipt of response, I will
&gt; send to you by
&gt; fax the Application Form. As soon as you receive this
&gt; letter you
&gt; should contact me immediatelyand indicate your direct
&gt; and
&gt; confidential telephone and fax number for effective
&gt; communication.Trusting to hear from you immediately.
&gt; Yours faithfully,
&gt; MD.OBINA OKORO.




------------------------------------------------------------
http://Game.37.com/  &lt;--- Free Games
http://newJoke.com/   &lt;---  J O K E S  ! ! !


---------------------------------------------------------------------
Express yourself with a super cool email address from BigMailBox.com.
Hundreds of choices. It's free!
http://www.bigmailbox.com
---------------------------------------------------------------------

</p>

</body></html>