<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Treat Urgent" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-26T17:21:20Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Treat Urgent" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	for R@M; Thu, 26 Oct 2006 21:21:20 +0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;E1Gd8uu-0007a0-3Z@www.fbm.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-26T17:21:20Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-26T17:21:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;fbm@fbm.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Oct 26 13:21:41 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;fbm@fbm.ru&gt; for R@M; Thu, 26 Oct 2006 21:21:20 +0400" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;E1Gd8uu-0007a0-3Z@www.fbm.ru&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Justice Sonko" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3193" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Justice Sonko &lt;sonko_justice@yahoo.co.in&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;E1Gd8uu-0007a0-3Z@www.fbm.ru&gt;" />
<title>Treat Urgent</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello, 

I have got your contact in the cause of my serious search for a reliable foreign partner through a profile in which convinced me of your honesty. However, I am Justice Sonko my father was a businessman and also one the leaders of Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy movement that fought against the Government in Liberia West African.

I confide in you hoping you will never betray me at last, My most required concern is for you to recognised me as your best friend while esterblisbing a long lasting relationship for our future. Presently,I am in Dakar-senegal with the sum of Eight Million Two Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US$8.2m) .These money was realise by my father before his death thruogh Diamond sales when Revolutional Movement (L.U.R.D )conquered one of the Diamond region , by then my father was the Chief in my region and the Director Of Kono Gold and Diamond Corp. 

The money was kept under my father care for the purchase of arms, it was a sitution of war so my father died I consider it my chance and then move immediately to Dakar-Senegal where my late father Deposited this fund with a holding company for save keeping since then i have being looking for a nice business to invest this fund into. My aim of contacting you is to assist me in two ways (1)to help and transfer the money to your country (2)and to help me get a profitable business for investment any where in oversea all is base on your professional advise and acceptance to assist me. 

Note that a substantial portion of these money would be compensated to you for all your assistance. Please, do not hesitate to  reply immediately in other to know the next thing to do on how to move this money to your country through proper arrangement. 

Finally, keep this with your utmost secrecy and confidentality as you can understand my condition in Dakar-Senegal because i am into hiding as so many people knows me.

Thanks for your co-operation. 

Best Regards. 
Justice Sonko,
+2214542103





</p>

</body></html>