<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Your Urgent  Assistance Needed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Liow Hanoi&quot; &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Liow Hanoi &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-28T06:51:23Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="liow_hanoi46@gawab.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="liow_hanoi46@gawab.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Your Urgent  Assistance Needed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200610280651.k9S6p9Dt023339@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Liow Hanoi&quot; &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Liow Hanoi &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Liow Hanoi&quot; &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Liow Hanoi &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-28T06:51:23Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-28T06:51:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Oct 28 02:51:24 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200610280651.k9S6p9Dt023339@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Liow Hanoi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Liow Hanoi&quot; &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Liow Hanoi &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3198" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Liow Hanoi &lt;liow_hanoi100@Awalla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200610280651.k9S6p9Dt023339@panther.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>Your Urgent  Assistance Needed</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From The Desck Of
Mr Liow Hanoi
Selangor Malaysia
Email:liow_hanoi46@gawab.com

Attention: Sir/ Madam.

Firstly, I must solicit your confidence in this transaction,this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and
top secret.Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that this letter is not an hoax mail and I urge you to treat it with
seriousness. We want to transfer the sum of Nine Million Seven Hundred Thousand United States Dollars ($9,700.000.00)
to an oversea account from one of the banks located in Malaysia. I want to ask you, If you are not capable to quietly look
for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new
Bank a/c immediately to receive this money, even an empty A/C can serve to receive this money, as long as you will remain
honest to me till the end of this important business ,I am trusting in you and believing in God that you will never let me
down either now or in future.

I am Mr.Liow Hanoi a personal account officer to late Mr Morris Anthony an INDUSTRALIST. During the course of
auditing,it was discovered that since the death of this INDUSTRALIST no one has come forward to lay claim to this
funds. So the bank issued me a memo to provide his next of kin or forfeith the funds. This account was opened with
the bank in 1998 and since 2002 nobody has operated on this account again, after going through some old files in my
records,I discovered that my late client died without a [Heir/WILL] hence the money is floating and if I do not remit
this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing.The owner of this account is an American and great industrialist
who lost his life along with his family members leaving nobody as next of kin.

No other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it,the account has no other beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me as well that the account is a secret account. The total amount involved is Nine Million
Seven Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only [$9,700.000.00] and we wish to transfer this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad,but I don't know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money
can not be approved to a local person here,rather it will only be approved to a foreigner who has information about the
account,which I shall give to you upon your positive response.

I am revealing this to you with believe in God that you will never let me down in this business, you are the first and the
only person that I am contacting for this business, so please reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step to take
urgently.I need your strong assurance that you will never let us down, me and the key bank officials who are deeply
involved with me in this business. I guarantee that this transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that
will protect you from any breach of the law.

The bank official will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money,leaving no trace to any
place. I will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account
with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 25% of the total amount,70% will be for us, while 5% will be for
expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transferring. I look forward to your earliest reply. PLEASE,
TREAT THIS PROPOSAL AS TOP SECRET.

Please email me at: liow_hanoi46@gawab.com

Best Regards,
Mr Liow Hanoi




</p>

</body></html>