<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent response needed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&lt;stella_makasin@centrum.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="stella_makasin@centrum.cz" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-10-30T10:54:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="stella_makasin@centrum.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1250&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="unlisted-recipients:; (no To-header on input)@mail.UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="unlisted-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="@mail.UM" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="unlisted-recipients:; (no To-header on input)@mail.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;200610301154.5405@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent response needed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	by mail1001.centrum.cz (Centrum Mail) with HTTP" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200610301154.5405@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&lt;stella_makasin@centrum.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="stella_makasin@centrum.cz" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1250&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&lt;stella_makasin@centrum.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="stella_makasin@centrum.cz" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-10-30T10:54:47Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1250&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-10-30T10:54:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;stella_makasin@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Centrum Mail 1.0 " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 30 05:55:11 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;stella_makasin@centrum.cz&gt; by mail1001.centrum.cz (Centrum Mail) with HTTP " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MISS STELLA MAKASIN" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&lt;stella_makasin@centrum.cz&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="stella_makasin@centrum.cz" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Centrum Mail 1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3203" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="stella_makasin@centrum.cz" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200610301154.5405@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<title>Urgent response needed</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MISS STELLA MAKASIN
ABIDJAN, COTE D'IVOIRE.
 
HELLO,
 
l AM MISS. STELLA MAKASIN in, THE DAUGHTER OF LATE MICHAEL MAKASIN KIJANI FROM REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE, MY FATHER IS A LIMITED COCOA AND GOLD BUSINESSES IN SIERRA LEONE. AFTER MY FATHER'S TRIP TO ABIDJAN COTE D'IVIORE TO NEGOTIATE FOR A COCOA AND GOLD BUSINESS WHICH HE INTENDED TO ESTABLISH IN ABIDJAN ; IT CAME TO PASS THAT BARELY A WEEK HE CAME BACK FROM HIS TRIP TO ABIDJAN HE WAS INVOLVED IN A FATAL CAR ACCIDENT IN COMPANY WITH MY MOTHER AND A BROTHER WHICH LEFT MY MOTHER INSTANTLY DEAD BUT MY FATHER SURVIVED FOR 5-DAYS AND LATER DIED ALSO IN THE HOSPITAL. MY BROTHER WAS THE ONLY SURVIVOR IN THE ACCIDENT.
 
BEFORE THE ACCIDENT, HE MY FATHER DISCLOSED TO ME THAT HE DEPOSITED THE SUM OF ($12,000,000.00) TWELVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS IN A BANK IN ABIDJAN IVORY COAST. THE MONEY WAS MEANT FOR COCOA AND GOLD BUSINESS HE WENTED TO ESTABLISH IN ABIDJAN.HE ALSO, EXPLAINED TO ME THAT HE USED MY NAME AS HIS NEXT OF KIN TO DEPOSIT . MY FATHER INFORMED ME WHERE I WILL GET THE LODGEMENT RECEIPT IN OUR HOUSE WHICH COVERS THE DEPOSIT OF THE FUND, AND INSTRUCTED ME TO SEEK FOR A RELIABLE AND TRUSTWORTHY FOREIGN BUSINESS PARTNER FOR A LIFE TIME INVESTMENT OF THE MONEY. HE MADE THE DEPOSIT ON THE PRETEXT THAT THE MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERED LATER TO AN UN-NAMED BANK ACCOUNT WHERE THE MONEY WOULD BE INVESTED INTO BUSINESS; THIS IS TO DEFUSE ANY GOVERNMENT HAND IN THE MONEY IN HIS ABSENCE SUCH AS DEATH - BECAUSE THE GOVERNMENT OF COTE D'IVORE AND THE BANK ON AWARE OF OUR FATHER's DEATH WOULD HAVE A SHARE OF THE MONEY WHICH WE MAY BE EXPECTED TO RECEIVE BACKONLY A TOKEN OF ABOUT 1/3.
 
THIS IS WHY I AM SEEKING YOUR ASSISTANCE TO PROVIDE A NEW OR OLD TRUSTWORTHY BANK ACCOUNT WHERE THE FUND WILL BE TRANSFERRED INTO. AND TO MAKE ARRANGEMENT FOR ME AND MY BROTHER TO COME OVER TO YOUR COUNTRY AFTER THE SUCESSFUL TRANSFER OF THE FUND THERE ; ALSO FOR ME AND MY BROTHER TO FURTHER OUR EDUCATION ABROAD. SO THAT WE CAN INVEST THE MONEY IN ANY LUCRATIVE BUSINESS IN YOUR COUNTRY BECAUSE THIS IS OUR ONLY HOPE IN LIFE , WE ARE READY TO COMPENSATE YOU WITH 20% OF THE MONEY ON YOUR ASSISTANCE TO HELP US TRANSFER THIS MONEY TO YOUR ACCOUNT IN YOUR COUNTRY AND TO HELP US INVEST IT IN YOUR COUNTRY.

PLEASE IF YOU HAVE ACCEPTED TO HELP US IN THIS TRANSACTION I WANT YOU TO GET BACK TO ME THROUGH THIS EMAIL ADDRESS (stellamakasin25@yahoo.com) OR CALL ME AT 0022506021695
 
I AM WAITING ANXIOUSLY TO HEAR FROM YOU, THANKS AND GOD
BLESS YOU. YOURS TRULY,
MISS STELLA MAKASIN AND BROTHER 



</p>

</body></html>