<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.78.18.26" />
<meta name="subject" content="ASAP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr. Kingsley William Mark&quot; &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. Kingsley William Mark &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-04T13:01:28Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kmw_uk@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kmw_uk@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASAP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr. Kingsley William Mark&quot; &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. Kingsley William Mark &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr. Kingsley William Mark&quot; &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. Kingsley William Mark &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-04T13:01:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 (RE: TRANSFER OF" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-04T13:01:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Nov  4 08:38:42 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt; {HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL}" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr. Kingsley William Mark" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr. Kingsley William Mark&quot; &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. Kingsley William Mark &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.78.18.26" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3222" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr. Kingsley William Mark &lt;z.tomanovic1@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>ASAP</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear

                 {HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL}
        (RE: TRANSFER OF 
THIRTY TWO MILLION THREE
   HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS)

RE:
TRANSFER OF 32,350,000.00 MILLION US DOLLARS TO YOUR ACCOUNT. My name 
is Dr.Mark Kingsley William, and I work in the International Operation 
Department in a Bank here in London.I feel quite safe dealing with you 
in this important business.Though, this medium (Internet) has been 
greatly abused, I choose to reach you through it because it still 
remains the fastest medium of communication. However, this 
correspondence is unofficial and private, and it should be treated as 
such. 

At first I will like to assure you that this transaction is 
100% risk and trouble free to both parties. WE WANT TO  TRANSFER OUT 
MONEY  FROM OUR BANK HERE IN LONDON. THE FUND FOR TRANSFER IS OF CLEAN 
ORIGIN. THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS  A FOREIGNER, a  program leader.
Until his death,The Late Prime Minister, Mr. Rafik Hariri,  has a huge 
investment here in the United Kingdom and all over the world, as a 
matter of fact he has the sum of( THIRTY TWO MILLION THREE HUNDRED AND 
FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ) in his account here in London which he 
deposited as a family valuables.The family do not know about this 
deposit.I was on a routine inspection that I discovered a dormant 
domiciliary account with a BAL. Of ( THIRTY TWO MILLION THREE HUNDRED 
AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ) on further discreet investigation, I also 
discovered that the account holder has  passed away (dead) leaving no 
beneficiary to the account. The bank will approve this money to any 
foreigner because the former operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am 
certainly sure that nobody will come again for the claim of this money. 
A foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims to the account 
Holder, therefore I need your cooperation in this transaction. I will 
provide all necessary information needed in order to claim this money, 
Hoping in God that you will never let me down now and in future.o.k!

Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri (November 1, 1944 - February 14, 2005), 
married to Nazek Audi Hariri, was a Lebanese self-made billionaire and 
business tycoon, and was five times Prime Minister of Lebanon (1992-
1998 and 2000-2004) before his last resignation from office on October 
20, 2004. The late Rafik Hariri died on February 14, 2005 when 
explosives equivalent to around 300 kg of C4 were detonated as his 
motorcade drove past the Saint George Hotel i n the Lebanese capital, 
for more information please log on to  (http://www.hariri.info)

I WANT 
TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGN ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I DON'T 
KNOW ANY FOREIGNER WHOM I CAN TRUST, I KNOW THAT THIS MESSAGE WILL COME 
TO YOU AS A SURPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OURSELVES  BEFORE, BUT BE SURE 
THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS. I CONTACT YOU BELIEVING THAT 
YOU WILL NOT LET ME DOWN ONCE THE FUND GOES INTO YOUR ACCOUNT.  
Let me 
hear from you URGENTLY by Email.

Regards,
Dr.Mark Kingsley William


</p>

</body></html>