<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="rita_a21abed@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Mrs Rita Abed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;rita abed&quot; &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="rita abed &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rita_a21abed@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-04T17:26:10Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rita_a21abed@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rita_a21abed@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="rita_a21abed@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY7-F2012F88FD2B892725BBE0FFEFD0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mrs Rita Abed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="04 Nov 2006 17:26:11.0341 (UTC) FILETIME=[525D03D0:01C70036]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sat, 4 Nov 2006 09:26:11 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F2012F88FD2B892725BBE0FFEFD0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[rita_a21abed@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;rita abed&quot; &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="rita abed &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;rita abed&quot; &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="rita abed &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-04T17:26:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 Call me + 225 07 500630" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-04T17:26:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="04 Nov 2006 17:26:11.0341 (UTC) FILETIME=[525D03D0:01C70036]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="rita_a21abed@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Nov  4 12:26:25 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[rita_a21abed@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt; Sat, 4 Nov 2006 09:26:11 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="rita abed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;rita abed&quot; &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="rita abed &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3223" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="rita abed &lt;rita_a21abed@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F2012F88FD2B892725BBE0FFEFD0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Mrs Rita Abed</title>
</head>
<body><p>             Call me + 225 07 500630

Contacts email me       ( rita_02555abed@yahoo.com

GREETINGS,

Based on the information and recommendation I got about quick growth of 
business, investment and commerce in your country, I deemed it necessary to 
write and inform you about my interest to invest in any viable venture in 
joint partnership with you.

I am Mrs Rita Abed the first wife of king George Abed K.S.M the king of 
mende tribe in Sierra-Leone. On the 19th May, 2004 my husband was murdered 
by some rebel group on the accusation that he is a great sponsor and in 
support to restore the democratically elected President of Alhadji Tejan 
Kabba. Almost half of the palace was burnt.Fortunately I was not in the 
place when they raided the palace my husband married 4 wives with 16 
children two of the wives, with my 3 children where murdered in cold blood 
while my second son escape the incident with bullet wounds on his right leg 
at the moment where the remaining families are I don?t know their way about 
whether they are alive or not. Right now I am left alone with only one son 
since the sudden assassination of my husband the family has been displaced 
and totally disorganized left with noting.
Early that year befor my husband was Late husband was murdered he came back 
from travel and gave me some document to keep for him as usual he told me 
that he deposited 18.5 million USD in a trunk box with private security 
company in Abidjan Côte d?Ivoire as a family treasure. So I decided to go 
and search for the documents where I use to keep them I discovered the 
documents covering the deposit he made with the company and some other 
documents like his will and other documents for his business. As my town has 
been
a serious war zone, I made arrangement with two peace keeping force to help 
me and my son move out of the country, however we moved out of Sierra-Leone 
successfully, to Abidjan Côte d?Ivoire where we are now. I have gone and 
conform the deposit with the
company with all the documents all the documents are with me here.
Now I wish to transfer these funds abroad and enter
into a business venture as the country (Côte d?Ivoire) is no longer in peace 
since they conducted their Presidential election on the 22nd October 2004 
the country has witness all sort of political unrest
ranging from ethnic clash which resulted to killing of innocent citizens and 
strangers people are living in fears as the country is no longer that 
peaceful nation as it was before due to this reason that I have
decided to contact you, to assist me to lift this my consignment out of this 
country. Please I need your assistance. Waiting for your urgent reply.Thanks 
and God bless.
Best regards.(rita_02555abed@yahoo.com)
Mrs Rita Abed.+22507500630

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger: appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>