<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="irudunuh21@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT AS URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;iru dunu&quot; &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="iru dunu &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="irudunuh21@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-10T20:36:44Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="irudunu@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY21-F1A4071B3A4B3F7231EC67C0F70@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="irudunu@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT AS URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="10 Nov 2006 20:36:48.0360 (UTC) FILETIME=[F1D61E80:01C70507]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Fri, 10 Nov 2006 12:36:48 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY21-F1A4071B3A4B3F7231EC67C0F70@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[irudunuh21@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;iru dunu&quot; &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="iru dunu &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;iru dunu&quot; &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="iru dunu &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-10T20:36:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-10T20:36:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="10 Nov 2006 20:36:48.0360 (UTC) FILETIME=[F1D61E80:01C70507]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="irudunuh21@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov 10 15:37:03 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[irudunuh21@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt; Fri, 10 Nov 2006 12:36:48 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="iru dunu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;iru dunu&quot; &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="iru dunu &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3250" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="iru dunu &lt;irudunuh21@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY21-F1A4071B3A4B3F7231EC67C0F70@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>TREAT AS URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR IRU DUNU EDWIN
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING MANEGER ,
BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A)
OUAGADOUGOU-BURKINA FASO.

Dear Friend,

I am the manager of auditing and accounting at the foreign remittance 
department of BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A) here in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. In 
my department we discovered an abandoned sum of US$12m dollars (Twelve 
Million US dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our for eign 
customer (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich, Germany) who died along with 
his entire family in Jully 2000 in a plane crash.For more informations about 
the crash you
can visit this site: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm
Since we got information about his death,

we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money 
because we cannot release it unless some body applies for it as next of kin 
or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidlings and laws 
but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation 
died alongside with him at the plane  crash leaving nobody behind for the 
claim. It is therefore upon this discovery  that I now decided to make this 
business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or 
relation to the deceased for safety  and subsequent disbursement since 
nobody is coming for it and we don't want  this money to go into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after five years, the money will be transfered into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this 
business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a 
Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the provision 
of a foriegn account ,10% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the 
business and 60% would be for me Thereafter, I will visit your country for 
disbursement according to the percentage indicated Therefore, to enable  the 
immediate transfer of this fund to you arranged,you must apply first  to the 
bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased with a text of application 
that i will send to you,so i will like you to send to me your private 
telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location 
where in the money will be remitted.


Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text  of 
the application.I will not fail to bring to your notice this transaction  is 
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all  
required arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should contact
me immediately as soon as you received this letter.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.Yours Faithfully,
1. Full Name
2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
3. Your Contact Address.

Thank You.

MR IRU DUNU EDWIN

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Hotmail : créez votre adresse e-mail gratuite &amp; à vie ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>