<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="AN URGENT HELP. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr .Titi okonkwo&quot; &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr .Titi okonkwo &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-07-22T23:34:39Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="titi_okonkwo@post.cz" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="titi_okonkwo@post.cz" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="AN URGENT HELP. " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200307231433.h6NEXWI04135@fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr .Titi okonkwo&quot; &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr .Titi okonkwo &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr .Titi okonkwo&quot; &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr .Titi okonkwo &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-07-22T23:34:39Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-07-22T23:34:39Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul 23 10:33:52 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200307231433.h6NEXWI04135@fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr .Titi okonkwo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr .Titi okonkwo&quot; &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr .Titi okonkwo &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-323" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr .Titi okonkwo &lt;titi_okonkwo@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200307231433.h6NEXWI04135@fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>AN URGENT HELP. </title>
</head>
<body><p>Good Day ,
l am Dr.Titi Okonkwo., Civil Servant in the Ministry
of Health. l know this proposal will come to you as
asurprise because we have not met before either
physically or through correspondence.
I got your contact from our chamber of commerce here
in Nigeria and have no doubt in your ability to handle
this proposal involving huge sum of money.
My father Chief Isama Okonkwo (Now Late) was the Royal
Head of my community, ELEME (an oil rich town) in
Nigeria. My community produces 5.8% of the total crude
oil production in Nigeria and 0.5% of the Dollar value
of each barrel is paid to my father as royalty by the
Federal Government. My father was also the Chairman of
ISAMA Special Oil Trust Fund. In his position as the
Royal head and Chairman of the Oil Trust Fund, he made
some money which he left for me as the only heir to
inherit.
The money is Eighteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand
US Dollars(US$18.5). This Money originated from the
accumulated royalties between 1976-1998 . Due to poor
banking system in Nigeria and political instability as
a result of past Military rules (1985-1999) , he
deposited this Money in a Strong Room/"VAULTS" with an
open beneficiary in a security company pending when he
would finish arrangement to transfer it abroad . He
was planning this when he died late last year of Heart
Attack.
Just before my father died he called my attention to
the money and charged me to look for a foreigner who
would assist me in the transfer/investment of the
funds abroad. So l would be very grateful if you could
accept to help me achieve this great objective.
I promise to give you 15% of the total funds
transferred to your vital bank account as compensation
for your assistance. Five percent (5%)has been set
aside to take care of all expenses we may incure
during the transaction. To indicate your interest,
contact me urgently and confidentially for more
information and the roles you will play in this
business.
All the legal Documents concerning this Money will be
sent to you as soon as we agreed together. Please I will
appreciate that you send your telephone/fax numbers to
enable me contact you immediately for discussions.
May the almighty God bless you.
Yours faithfully,
Dr.Titi Okonkwo
You can reach me with my private email address: " titiokonkwo@post.cz




</p>

</body></html>