<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="195.166.237.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr. Thompson J. Alber" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Thompson J. Alber&quot; &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Thompson J. Alber &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-occupation" content="" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-12T12:27:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="james_bryant2@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mrthompsonalber2@walla.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mrthompsonalber2@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr. Thompson J. Alber" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Thompson J. Alber&quot; &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Thompson J. Alber &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Thompson J. Alber&quot; &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Thompson J. Alber &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-12T12:27:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-12T12:27:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Nov 12 07:40:06 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Thompson J. Alber" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Thompson J. Alber&quot; &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Thompson J. Alber &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="195.166.237.42" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3253" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Thompson J. Alber &lt;james_bryant2@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>From Mr. Thompson J. Alber</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mr. Thompson J. Alber
Dear Friend, 
 
I sincerely hope that after 
you read this mail you will respond to my call, let me start by 
introducing myself my name is Thompson J. Alber. I am 70 years old, a 
British living in West Africa. I am a businessman and own two companies 
here in Ouagadougou, married with two children. My wife and two 
children died in a car accident six years ago but before this happened 
my business and concern for making money was all I lived for I never 
really cared about other values in life but since the loss of my 
family, I have found a new desire to assist helpless families.  
 
I 
have been helping orphans in motherless homes, I have donated some 
money to orphans in Sudan, America and some Asian countries. Before I 
became ill, I kept some money, Ten million,three hundred thousand 
dollars (US$10.3million) to be precise in a long term deposit account 
in a Bank. 
 
Presently, I'm in a hospital my doctor told me I have 
prostate cancer that I have a few months to live. It is my last wish to 
see this money distributed to charity organizations. Because so much of 
my wealth has been plundered by relatives and friends since my illness, 
hence I cannot live with the agony of entrusting this huge 
responsibility to any of them since the money in the Bank is the last 
fund that I have left. Right now I am partially stranded in the 
hospital due to the nature of my sickness so I am appealing to you to 
help me collect the deposit from the Bank and distribute it amongst 
charity organizations. 
 
I would want you to use your discretion to 
distribute the money and keep 20% of it for yourself. Feel free to 
reimburse yourself when you have the money for any cost you might have 
incurred during the process of collecting and distributing the money to 
charity organizations. May the good Lord bless you and your family. if 
you are interested to proceed with this project go ahead and forward 
the below information so that I will instruct you on how to proceed:
Your Full Names:
Your Direct Telephone Number:
Your Fax:
Your 
Occupation:
Your Nationality:
Your Age:
 
Please reply to this mail as 
I can only communicate through my laptop which is by my bed, as soon as 
I get the above listed information, I shall then give you the necessary 
information you need to collect this money.
 
God bless you. 
Mr. 
Thompson J. Alber.


</p>

</body></html>