<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FORWARD YOUR COMPLIANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR. PAUL CLARKE&quot; &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. PAUL CLARKE &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-13T22:28:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="paul_clarke02@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1362.82.128.3.176.1163456918.U0MUQ2BKTU16RQ==.squirrel@82.128.3.176&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FORWARD YOUR COMPLIANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="paul_clarke02@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3        Mon, 13 Nov 2006 22:28:38 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1362.82.128.3.176.1163456918.U0MUQ2BKTU16RQ==.squirrel@82.128.3.176&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR. PAUL CLARKE&quot; &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. PAUL CLARKE &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR. PAUL CLARKE&quot; &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. PAUL CLARKE &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-13T22:28:38Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-13T22:28:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 13 17:38:52 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt; Mon, 13 Nov 2006 22:28:38 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. PAUL CLARKE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR. PAUL CLARKE&quot; &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. PAUL CLARKE &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.3a" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3259" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. PAUL CLARKE &lt;paul_clarke003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1362.82.128.3.176.1163456918.U0MUQ2BKTU16RQ==.squirrel@82.128.3.176&gt;" />
<title>FORWARD YOUR COMPLIANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mr.Paul Clarke
Senior Audit Officer
HSBC Bank Group
UK.

Dear Friend,

I am Mr.Paul Clarke Senior Audit Officer of HSBC Bank Group UK. HSBC Bank
London. I am writing following an opportunity in my office that will be of
immense benefit to both of us.

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of£30.5million British
Pounds Sterling (Thirty million five hundred thousand British Pounds) in
an account that belongs to one of our  foreign customers Late Mr. Morris
Thompson an American  who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash
of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 which crashed on January 31 2000, including
his wife and only daughter. You shall read more  about the crash on
visiting this site.

http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

Since we got information about  his death, we have been expecting his next
of kin or relatves to come over and claim his money because we cannot
release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to
the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines. Unfortunately I
learnt that his supposed next of kin being his only daughter died along
with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with the knowledge of this fund
behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I and two other officials in this
department now decided to make business with you and release the money to
you as the next of kin or  beneficiary of the funds for safety keeping and
subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don't want
this money to go back into  Government
treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that such money remained
after six years the money will be transferred into banking treasury as
unclaimed funds.

We agreed that 35% of this money will be for you as foreign partner, while
the balance will be for me and my colleagues. I will visit your country
for the disbursement according to the percentages indicated above once
this money gets into your account.Please be honest to me and trust is our
watchword in this transaction.

Note this transaction is confidential and risk free.As soon as you receive
this mail you should contact me by return mail.Please note that all
necessary arrangement for the smooth release of these funds to you has
been finalised. We will discuss much in details when I do receive your
response.

Please if you are interested in this project contact me for further
directives on paul_clark01@yahoo.co.uk or paul_clarke02@yahoo.co.uk

Best regards

Mr Paul Clarke

















</p>

</body></html>