<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="vikkimeade005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR EARLIEST REPLY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;vikki meade&quot; &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="vikki meade &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.live.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="vikkimeade005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-14T00:57:23Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="vikkimeade005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="vikkimeade005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="vikkimeade005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="vikkimeade@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY20-F105945620D3681AD169CC3E4EB0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="vikkimeade@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR EARLIEST REPLY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Nov 2006 00:57:25.0990 (UTC) FILETIME=[D9D45860:01C70787]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 13 Nov 2006 16:57:25 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="TRANSFER OF $ 29,000.000.00 USD" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY20-F105945620D3681AD169CC3E4EB0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[vikkimeade005@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;vikki meade&quot; &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="vikki meade &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;vikki meade&quot; &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="vikki meade &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-14T00:57:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-14T00:57:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Nov 2006 00:57:25.0990 (UTC) FILETIME=[D9D45860:01C70787]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="vikkimeade005@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 13 19:57:35 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[vikkimeade005@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt; Mon, 13 Nov 2006 16:57:25 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="vikki meade" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;vikki meade&quot; &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="vikki meade &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3260" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="vikki meade &lt;vikkimeade005@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY20-F105945620D3681AD169CC3E4EB0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR EARLIEST REPLY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mrs.Vikki Meade.
120,Paul Kruger Street,
Boksburg South,
Johannesburg Province.
Republic of South Africa

Hello,

RE: TRANSFER OF $ 29,000.000.00 USD
(TWENTY NINE MILLION UNITED STATE DOLLAR)
=========================================

I am Mrs.Vikki Meade, the Auditor General of prime banks here South Africa, 
during the course of our auditing, I discovered a floating fund in an 
account opened in the bank in 1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on 
this account again. After going through some old files in the records I 
discovered that the owner of the account died without a [heir] hence the 
money is floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will 
beforfeited for nothing.

The owner of this account is Mr. Howard Sweeney, a foreigner, a miner and an 
industrialist.He made millions of dollars before he died misteriously .Since 
1993 no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it. My 
investigation proved to me that the account has no other beneficiary and 
that Mr.Howard Sweeney until his death was the manager Sweeney Coy.(pty). 
SA. We will start the first transfer with six million dollars 
[$6,000,000.00] upon successful transaction without any disappoint from your 
side, we shall re-apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your 
account.

The amount involved is (USD 29M) Twenty Nine million United States Dollars 
only. I want to first transfer$6,000.000 [Six million United States Dollar] 
from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad before the rest, but I 
don't know any foreigner.

I am revealing this to you with believein God that you will never let me 
down in this business. Also send your private telephone number and fax 
number including the full details of the account to be used for the
deposit.

I need your strong assurance that you will never let me down in this 
business proposition.
With my influence and the position of a bank official whom is working in our 
favour we can transfer this money to any foreigner's reliable account which 
you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending our 
physical arrival in your country for sharing.

The bank official will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we 
receive this money leaving no trace to any place and to build confidence you 
can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after which I will make 
this remittance in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at 
least two days ahead of the money going into the account.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the total 
amount, 60% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might 
have incurred during the process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest response.

Best Regards,
Mrs.Vikki Meade.

_________________________________________________________________
See their smiles, hear their laughter with Windows Live Messenger! 
http://messenger.live.com



</p>

</body></html>