<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="dr_a_latif@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="STRICTEST CONFIDENCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Abdul Latif" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr Latif Abdul &lt;dr_a_latif@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dr_a_latif@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-16T18:28:37Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="fsmith@dslextreme.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="fsmith@dslextreme.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="fsmith@dslextreme.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY22-F16C756B17D62590BE790F3CEE90@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="STRICTEST CONFIDENCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="16 Nov 2006 18:28:40.0602 (UTC) FILETIME=[0A0DD7A0:01C709AD]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 16 Nov 2006 10:28:40 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY22-F16C756B17D62590BE790F3CEE90@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[dr_a_latif@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Abdul Latif" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr Latif Abdul &lt;dr_a_latif@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Abdul Latif" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr Latif Abdul &lt;dr_a_latif@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-16T18:28:37Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-16T18:28:37Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dr_a_latif@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="16 Nov 2006 18:28:40.0602 (UTC) FILETIME=[0A0DD7A0:01C709AD]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-thus" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="dr_a_latif@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Nov 16 13:28:46 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[dr_a_latif@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dr_a_latif@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 16 Nov 2006 10:28:40 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr Latif Abdul" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Abdul Latif" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr Latif Abdul &lt;dr_a_latif@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3271" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr Latif Abdul &lt;dr_a_latif@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY22-F16C756B17D62590BE790F3CEE90@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>STRICTEST CONFIDENCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: Dr.Abdul Latif
Chairman Contract Review Panel,
Abidjan, Cote D'Ivoire.
West Africa.

DEAR FRIEND.
First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction.
This by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and TOP
SECRET.
I got your contact in our search for a foreign partner who has the
Ability and reliability to prosecute a transaction of great magnitude
Involving a pending business transaction requiring maximum confidence. We 
are top officials of the Federal Government contract review panel who are 
interested in investment in your country with funds which are presently 
trapped here in Cote D Ivoire.In other to commence this Business, we solicit 
your assistance to enable us transfer into your Account the said trapped 
funds.
The source of this fund is as follows: During the last regime here of
General Robert Guei in Cote D Ivoire some government official's set up 
companies and awarded themselves contracts which were grossly over Invoiced 
in various ministries. The government set up a contract review panel and we 
have Identified a lot of inflated
contracts funds which are presently Deposited in a BANK here in Abidjan,Cote 
D Ivoire .
However, by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of the 
panel ,we cannot acquire this money in our name. we have
therefore ,been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues  to look for 
an overseas partner into whose account we would transfer
the total sum of USD$15,500,000.00  (FIFTEEN MILLION,FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND 
UNITED STATES DOLLARS)
Hence we are writing you this letter. We agreed to share the money
thus:
(1) 20% FOR THE ACCOUNT OWNER (YOU)
(2) 10% FOR MICSELLENIOUS EXPENSES
(3)70% FOR US (THE OFFICALS)
It is from the 70% that we wish to commence investments in your country as 
you will also stand as our foreign agent over there. Please note that this 
transaction is 100% safe and we hope to commence the transaction latest 
seven (7) days from the date of the receipt of the following information 
bellow.
(A) COMPANYS NAME BENEFICIARY OF ACCOUNT.
(B)YOUR PERSONAL TELEPHONE NUMBER AND FAX NUMBERS.
(C) BANK ACCOUNT/SORT/ABA/ROUTING NUMBERS
WHICH THE FUND WILL BE TRANSFERED TO.
(D) YOUR BANK ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBERS/FAX NUMBERS.
The above information will enable us commence the transfer of this
funds into your account in your country without delay
We are looking forward to doing this business with you and solicit your 
confidentiality in this transaction.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter using the above email
address; I will bring you into the complete picture of this pending
project when I hear from you.
With Kind regards,

Dr.Abdul Latif

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>