<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="62.56.133.115 " />
<meta name="subject" content="From: Mr. Dezaryi" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-{(re" content="TRANSFER OF ($172,654,000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-17T16:33:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="paulsmith18@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dezaryi@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dezaryi@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From: Mr. Dezaryi" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit " />
<meta name="creator" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-17T16:33:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-17T16:33:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="none (mxus5: 212.216.176.143 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of virgilio.it) client-ip=212.216.176.143; envelope-from=paulsmith18@virgilio.it; helo=vsmtp3.tin.it; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="none (mxus5: 212.216.176.143 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of virgilio.it) client-ip=212.216.176.143; envelope-from=paulsmith18@virgilio.it; helo=vsmtp3.tin.it;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Nov 18 00:35:07 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mr dezaryi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="62.56.133.115" />
<meta name="MboxParser-details" content="[dezaryi@yahoo.com]  " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3277" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mr dezaryi &lt;paulsmith18@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<title>From: Mr. Dezaryi</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mr. Dezaryi
#67 Cresent Close,
Lynnwood Road
Hatfield Pretoria
Gauteng, South Africa.
 
{INTERNATIONAL HERITAGE TRANSACTION}
{One 
Hundred &amp; Seventy Two Million Six Hundred And 
Fifty Four Thousand 
United State Dollars} 
{(RE: TRANSFER OF ($172,654,000.00 USD}
{BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY/YOUR ASSISTANCE IS NEEDED}
 
Dear Sir/Madam!!
 
I 
sincerely ask for forgiveness for I know this may
seem like a complete 
intrusion to your privacy but
right about now this is my option of 
communication.
This mail might come to you as a surprise and the
temptation to ignore it as unserious could come into
your mind; but 
please consider it a divine wish and
accept it with a deep sense of 
humility. 
 
I am aware that this is certainly an unconventional
approach to starting a relationship. I am Mr. Dezaryi,
the personal 
account officer to the great late
diseased who has an account in one of 
the top banks
here in South Africa. The account was opened in 2001
and 
he died in 2004 without a written or oral WILL and
since 2004 nobody 
has operated on this account again
hence the money is floating and if I 
do not remit this
money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing
and Govt. of South Africa will confiscate the funds
for their personal 
use which I personally don't want
such incident to happen being that 
this is a great
opportunity for me. 
 
My contact is for you to please 
assist me to transfer
the fund ($172,654,000.00 USD) One Hundred &amp; 
Seventy
Two Million Six Hundred And Fifty Four Thousand United
State 
Dollars from a Cooperate Bank here in South
Africa to an oversea 
account. First, I must solicit
your strictest confidence in this 
transaction. This is
by virtue of its nature as being utterly 
confidential.
I am sure and have confidence of your ability and
reliability to prosecute a transaction of this great
magnitude. I 
solicit your assistance to enable us
transfer the said amount into your 
safe account for
onward investment.
 
You can either provide us with an 
existing account or
to set up a new Bank account immediately to receive
this money, even an empty a/c can serve to receive
this money, as long 
as you will remain honest to me
till the end of this important business 
trusting in
you and believing that you will never let me down
either 
now or in future because this business is my
life. The owner of this 
account is a foreigner and no
other person knows about this account or 
anything
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary
and until 
his death he was the manager of the company.
My investigation through 
the National immigration
department &amp; Ministries here proved to me as 
well that
he was single as at the time of his entry into the
Republic 
of South Africa. The amount in this account
is USD ($172,654,000.00 
USD) Two Hundred &amp; Twenty
fifty million United States Dollars} only.
 
As a matter of fact, I have decided to transfer this
fund abroad for 
investment. Your assistance as a
foreigner is necessary because the 
management of the
bank will welcome any foreigner who has correct
information to this account which I will give to you
immediately, if 
you are interested to do this business
with me. There is no risk in 
this business. With my
position and my personal contact with the 
manager of
the bank, the money can be transferred to any account
you 
can provide with assurance that this money will be
intact pending our 
physical arrival in your country
for sharing.  We will start the first 
transfer with
Fifty million [$50,000.000]. Upon successful transfer
without any disappointment from your side, we shall
re-apply for the 
payment of the remaining balance of
$122,654,000.00 Million to your 
account. I am only
contacting you as a foreigner because this money
cannot be approved to a local person here, but can
only be approved to 
any foreigner who has the correct
information of the account, which I 
will provide for
you. So you should provide me with your correct
account details where you will like the fund to be
transferred to, or 
you can set up a new account for
the transfer even an empty account is 
ok. At the
conclusion of the transfer you will take 45%, 6% will
be for 
any expenses both parties incurred in the
process of this business and 
the remaining 49% will be
for me. As soon as I hear from you and upon 
your
strong assurance that you will not let me down once
the fund goes 
into your account I will then start the
processing of the transfer of 
the fund to your account
without further delay.  If you are interested, 
please
forward the following information as below: 
 
{1} Your 
Name/company's name and full address, 
{2} Bank Name:............ 
{3} 
Bank Address...
{4} Account No:.........
{5} Swift Code...{if any}
{6} 
Account Holder's Name: ..........
{7} Your telephone Nos.both Home, 
Office &amp; Cell/Mobile
and fax
Numbers...
{8} Your Occupation
{9} Your 
Valid ID 
 
Upon the receipt of the above details, payment will be
activated by the feeding of your data into payment
system, followed by 
a signal that will be sent to the
paying bank to remit funds into your 
nominated bank
account within 5 official working days of receipt of
the 
above information. Contact me urgently via email
privately for further 
details:[dezaryi@yahoo.com]  
 
Thanks.
 
Best Regards, 

Mr. Dezaryi,










 




</p>

</body></html>