<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="kkalain011@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="SUPPLY FROM MR KONAN ALAIN" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;alain konan&quot; &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="alain konan &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kkalain011@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-21T02:25:50Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="konan_alain05@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY7-F2548EFA77AE471A2D2B58094EC0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="konan_alain05@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SUPPLY FROM MR KONAN ALAIN" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="21 Nov 2006 02:25:53.0501 (UTC) FILETIME=[5E3E80D0:01C70D14]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 20 Nov 2006 18:25:53 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F2548EFA77AE471A2D2B58094EC0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[kkalain011@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;alain konan&quot; &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="alain konan &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;alain konan&quot; &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="alain konan &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-21T02:25:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-21T02:25:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="The President" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="21 Nov 2006 02:25:53.0501 (UTC) FILETIME=[5E3E80D0:01C70D14]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="kkalain011@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 20 21:26:27 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[kkalain011@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt; Mon, 20 Nov 2006 18:25:53 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="alain konan" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;alain konan&quot; &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="alain konan &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3278" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="alain konan &lt;kkalain011@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F2548EFA77AE471A2D2B58094EC0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>SUPPLY FROM MR KONAN ALAIN</title>
</head>
<body><p>SUPPLY FROM MR KONAN ALAIN

Abidjan.Cote d'Ivoire.

Attn:The President

Dear Sir,

I write to solicite your assistance and support to enable me execute a  very 
lucrative and high profiting business transaction.I am very  sure that with 
trust and understanding,we will be able to execute this busines to our 
mutual benefit and believe that you will not let down the  trust I am 
willing to repose in you.

I work for an Ivorien based import and export firm ("a-MIC"), I work product 
sourcing manager. Between the 17th -19th of may, 2002 a  business seminar 
was held in BOUAKE Cote Divoire  of which I attended.While in the Seminar, I 
was opportuned to meet ALHAJI NURUDEEN ALI MAHMOUD ,the President of 
ALI-MAHMOUD DAIRY &amp; CATTLE FARMS ETS. ALHAJI NURUDEEN ALI MAHMOUD isan 
accomplished and widely known and recognised millionaire farmer in this part 
of the region. He has cattle farms in different  countries. Above all, he is 
one of the greatest supplier  of cattle,beef and other diary products in 
this part of the coast.On getting to know my proffesion, ALHAJI NURUDEEN ALI 
MAHMOUD took me into confidence by informing me about the purchase of a 
particular but very  important medicine for his cattle. He informed me that 
he buys this  product at $5,000.00 USD per carton, and that he mostly buys 
to the excess  of 450 cartons. He informed me that he would like me to find 
out if my organisation could source for him a cheaper supplier considering 
the  recent trend of falls in the general price of beef in the world market  
which is affecting his business.

Back in my office, I discussed this proposal with my boss and he  decided to 
handle the  supply by himself.We carried out a market research and  
discovered that we could purchase this medicine somewhere cheaper in EUROPE 
for $2,000.00 USD per carton . We moved a proposal to ALI-MAHMOUD DAIRY &amp; 
CATTLE FARMS ETS. to make the supply to them at $4,800.00 USD per carton of 
which  he accepted. Owing to my role in the transaction, I had an agreement 
with my  director to be receiving 15% of whatever gain is made on each 
supply of which he agreed. But on the completion of the suply and the 
receipt of the payment, my boss renegated on our agreement and refused to 
give me my  share of the profit. Since then our relationship has been at its 
lowest  ebb. I have since accepted it as one of life experiences.

However, as God would have it, recently, I ran into ALHAJI NURUDEEN ALI 
MAHMOUD and he informed me that he would want us to urgently supply him  
with 1250 cartons of the same product before the end of Dec 2006.I  used the 
oppurtunity to inform Alhaji that I can  introduce him to the main producer 
of this vaccine who can supply him  the product at $4,400.00 USD if he will 
pay in advance as he usually  does. He was very pleased and has assured me 
that he is not going to contact my boss again for this vaccine. He is  now 
waiting for me to link him to the producer of
the vaccine. We will buy the medicine at $2,000.00 USD from EUROPE and sell 
at  $4,400.00 USD TO ALHAJI NURUDEEN ALI MAHMOUD,with him making a down 
payment of  50% of our quoted price first.

If you are interested and capable of handling this supplies on my 
behalf,kindly get back to me urgently through my e-mail,so that we can agree 
on the terms and profit sharing,after which I can then furnish you with the 
contacts of both our source in EUROPE and that of ALHAJI NURUDEEN ALI 
MAHMOUD . Kindly be notified that at no point in time should you let  ALHAJI 
NURUDEEN ALI MAHMOUD know that you are not the producer of the medicine and 
we  should never allow him to know the
contact of our real source in EUROPE  so that he would'nt bypass us to deal 
directly with them.

Thanks for your cooperation.
Yours sincerely,

MR KONAN ALAIN

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>