<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Donation From Mrs Susan Thompson" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1345022602-1164126956=" content="99669 I am not afraid of death  hence I know  where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that &quot;the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace&quot;. I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always.I don't want them to know about this development.With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the bank in Abidjan. I will also issue you the documents that will prove you the present beneficiary of this fund." />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1345022602-1164126956=" content="99669" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1345022602-1164126956=" content="99669--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO I want this fund to be used in Christain Activities like,Orphanages, Christain schools, and Churches for propagating  the word of God and to endeavor that the house of God  is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that &quot;Blessed is the hand that giveth&quot;. I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not Christians and I don't want my husband's efforts to be used by unbelievers. I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision." />
<meta name="Message-To" content="susantom26@yahoo.co.jp " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="susantom26@yahoo.co.jp" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-2022-jp" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="susantom26@yahoo.co.jp " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="susantom00@latinmail.com  any telephone communication in this regard because of my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always.I don't want them to know about this development.With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the bank in Abidjan. I will also issue you the documents that will prove you the present beneficiary of this fund. &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;I want you and the members of your Church to always pray for me because the lord is my shephard. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever that Wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and Truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I Stated herein. Hoping to receive your reply. &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Remain blessed in the Lord. &lt;/DIV&gt;  &lt;DIV&gt;Yours in Christ, &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1345022602-1164126956=:99669" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20061121163556.705.qmail@web2905.mail.tnz.yahoo.co.jp&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="susantom00@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Donation From Mrs Susan Thompson" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3  h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type;  b=XNT2jj8E6tGDBawpoc9CPqN9V7THBRlO4YFv9tY/j0SYVFl3xal2JomWm0FFVXF0Rczxsy9omyP9j4AucoQ9Kyg3FpL7DRHawbB9NDfBEy4iMHwdP1T1hAfwLvyDi6S6  ;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20061121163556.705.qmail@web2905.mail.tnz.yahoo.co.jp&gt; Good day, I am sorry to take your time and to disturb you. I am Mrs Susan Thompson ,from Kuwait.I am married to late Mr Eric Thompson, who worked with Kuwait Embassy in Ivory Coast for Twenty-Six years before he died in the year 2001,after a brief illness that lasted for only five days. We were married for Eighteen years with a duaghter (Lilian) who later died in a motor accident. " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-2022-jp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 b=XNT2jj8E6tGDBawpoc9CPqN9V7THBRlO4YFv9tY/j0SYVFl3xal2JomWm0FFVXF0Rczxsy9omyP9j4AucoQ9Kyg3FpL7DRHawbB9NDfBEy4iMHwdP1T1hAfwLvyDi6S6  ;  Remain blessed in the Lord." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;susantom26@yahoo.co.jp&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov 21 11:36:04 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;susantom26@yahoo.co.jp&gt; h=Message-ID:Received:Date:From:Reply-To:Subject:To:MIME-Version:Content-Type; ATTN: TO WHOM IT MAY CONCEREN Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I Stated herein. Hoping to receive your reply." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 Recently,Following my ill health, my Doctor told me that I may not last for the next eight months due to my cancer problem.The one that disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to a  Christain organization (Church) or individual beleiver" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3280" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20061121163556.705.qmail@web2905.mail.tnz.yahoo.co.jp&gt; Good day, I am sorry to take your time and to disturb you. I am Mrs Susan Thompson ,from Kuwait.I am married to late Mr Eric Thompson, who worked with Kuwait Embassy in Ivory Coast for Twenty-Six years before he died in the year 2001,after a brief illness that lasted for only five days. We were married for Eighteen years with a duaghter (Lilian) who later died in a motor accident. " />
<title>Donation From Mrs Susan Thompson</title>
</head>
<body>  ATTN: TO WHOM IT MAY CONCEREN

     

Dear One in Christ,
  Good day, I am sorry to take your time and to disturb you. I am Mrs Susan Thompson ,from Kuwait.I am married to late Mr Eric Thompson, who worked with Kuwait Embassy in Ivory Coast for Twenty-Six years before he died in the year 2001,after a brief illness that lasted for only five days. We were married for Eighteen years with a duaghter (Lilian) who later died in a motor accident.
   
  Before the untimely death of my husband,we were both born again Christians. Since after his death I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bible is against. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of (US$4.8 M )(Four

Million,Eight hundred Thousand United States Dollars) in a General Trust Account with a prime bank in Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire. Presently,this money is still with the bank. 
   
  Recently,Following my ill health, my Doctor told me that I may not last for the next eight months due to my cancer problem.The one that disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to a  Christain organization (Church) or individual beleiver

that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein,according to the desire of my latehusband before his death.
   
  I want this fund to be used in Christain Activities like,Orphanages, Christain schools, and Churches for propagating  the word of God and to endeavor that the house of God  is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that "Blessed is the hand that giveth". I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not Christians and I don't want my husband's efforts to be used by unbelievers. I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision.  
   
  I am not afraid of death  hence I know  where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that "the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace". I don't need
 any telephone communication in this regard because of my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always.I don't want them to know about this development.With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the bank in Abidjan. I will also issue you the documents that will prove you the present beneficiary of this fund. 
   
  I want you and the members of your Church to always pray for me because the lord is my shephard. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever that Wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and Truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. 
  Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I Stated herein. Hoping to receive your reply. 
  Remain blessed in the Lord. 
  Yours in Christ, 

Mrs Susan Thompson. 


 

<p>

</p>


<a shape="rect" href="http://pr.mail.yahoo.co.jp/auction/">Start Yahoo! Auction now! Check out the cool campaign</a>

</body></html>