<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="woma_lee_3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM DR WOMA LEE/URGENT NEEDED AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;woma lee&quot; &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="woma lee &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="woma_lee_3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-23T15:16:24Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="woma_lee01@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY13-F24D282E9F24F27EF07210684E20@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="woma_lee01@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM DR WOMA LEE/URGENT NEEDED AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="23 Nov 2006 15:16:24.0929 (UTC) FILETIME=[57261510:01C70F12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 23 Nov 2006 07:16:24 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY13-F24D282E9F24F27EF07210684E20@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[woma_lee_3@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;woma lee&quot; &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="woma lee &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;woma lee&quot; &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="woma lee &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-23T15:16:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-23T15:16:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="23 Nov 2006 15:16:24.0929 (UTC) FILETIME=[57261510:01C70F12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="woma_lee_3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Nov 23 10:16:32 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[woma_lee_3@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 23 Nov 2006 07:16:24 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="woma lee" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;woma lee&quot; &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="woma lee &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3288" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="woma lee &lt;woma_lee_3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY13-F24D282E9F24F27EF07210684E20@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>FROM DR WOMA LEE/URGENT NEEDED AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM DR. WOMA LEE THE MANAGER FOREIGN REMITTANCE
DEPARTMENT,
AFRICA DEVELOPMENT BANK(ADB)
BURKINA FASO.

Dear Partner,

(TOP SECRET)

I am DR WOMA LEE, the manager in charge of
auditing and accounting
section of Africa Development Bank.AFRICA
DEVELOPMENT BANK(ADB) Ouagadougou
Burkina-faso West Africa ,with due respect and
regard. I have decided to
contact you on a business transaction that will be
very beneficial to both
of us at the end of the transaction .

During our investigation and auditing in this bank,
my department came
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a
deceased person Mr.Andreas
Schranner who who died with his wife and their only
daughter on July 2000 in
a plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his
account with this Bank
without any claim of the fund in our custody either
from his family or
relation before our discovery to this development.

The said amount was U.S $10.150M ((Ten million one
hundred and fiftythousand
US dolloars)). As it may interest you to know, I got
your impressive
information through internation search in
Burkina-faso here in Ouagadougou
Burkina-faso.

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim
over this fund as the
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the
required approval and transfer
this money to a foreign account has been put in
place and directives and
needed information will be relayed to you as soon as
you indicate your
interest and willingness to assist me and also
benefit your self to this
great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but
because of my position in this
country as a civil servant(A Banker),we are not
allowed to operate a foreign
account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my
side during the time of
transfer because I work in this bank. This is the
actual reason why it will
require a second party or fellow who will forward
claims as the next of kin
with affidavit of trust of oath to the Bank and also
present a foreign
account where he will need the money to be
re-transferred into on his
request as it may be after due verification and
clarification by the
correspondent branch of the bank where the whole
money will be remitted from
to your own designation bank account.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction
is 100% risk free. On
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be
entitled to 40% of the
total sum as gratification, while 60% will be for
me. Please, you have been
adviced to keep "top secret" as I am still in
service and intend to retire
from service after we conclude this deal with you.

I will be monitoraing the whole situation here in
this bank until you
confirm the money in your account and ask me to come
down to your country
for subsequent sharing of the fund according to
percentages previously
indicated and further investment, either in your
country or any country you
advice us to invest in. All other necessary
information will be sent to you
when I hear from you.
Trusting to hear from you. you can contact me
through this number(226
76440063).

You can visit the sit
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm


Yours faithfully,
DR. WOMA LEE.

_________________________________________________________________
FREE pop-up blocking with the new MSN Toolbar - get it now! 
http://toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>