<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;kaka yobo&quot; &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kaka yobo &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//starac2006.spaces.live.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-28T12:26:25Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kakayobo@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY15-F145D1457B3150270AA74FCFCE50@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kakayobo@o2.pl" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="28 Nov 2006 12:26:25.0437 (UTC) FILETIME=[6BD7DCD0:01C712E8]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Tue, 28 Nov 2006 04:26:25 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F145D1457B3150270AA74FCFCE50@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;kaka yobo&quot; &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="kaka yobo &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;kaka yobo&quot; &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kaka yobo &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-28T12:26:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-28T12:26:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="28 Nov 2006 12:26:25.0437 (UTC) FILETIME=[6BD7DCD0:01C712E8]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov 28 07:26:37 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt; Tue, 28 Nov 2006 04:26:25 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="kaka yobo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;kaka yobo&quot; &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="kaka yobo &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3305" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kaka yobo &lt;kaka_yobo20@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F145D1457B3150270AA74FCFCE50@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>
dear friend,
I am the manager of bill and exchange at the foriegn remittance department
of AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK. I am writing, following the impressive
information about you through one of my friends WORKS WITH THE BURKINA 
CHAMBERS firm.

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of $U.S15.5Million dollars
(fifteen million five hundred thousand US dolloars)  in an account that 
belongs

to one of our foriegn customer who died along with his entire family in
November 2004  in a plane crash.
Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next
of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless

some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as
indicated in our banking  guidlines and laws but unfortunately we learnt
that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside  with him at
the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon
this discovery that I and other officials in my department now decided to
make this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next

of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement
since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the
bank treasury as unclaimed bill.
The banking law and guidling here stipulates that  if such money remained
unclaimed after six years the money will be transfered into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.  The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this business is occassioned by the fact  that the customer was a foreigner

and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.
We agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a foreign partner, in
respect  to the  provision of a foriegn account, 10% will be set aside for
expenses occured during the business and 60% would be for me and my
colleagues. There after I and my colleagues will visit your country for
disbursement according  to the percentage indicated.
Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as
arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of
the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your
private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and
location wherein the money will be remitted.
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this
transaction is hitch  -free and that you should not entertain any atom of
fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.
You should contact me immediately as soon as you recieve this letter.
Yours faithful
Bill &amp; Exchange Manager.
YOBO

_________________________________________________________________
Les révélations de la starac 6 commentées par Jérémy! 
http://starac2006.spaces.live.com/



</p>

</body></html>