<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONGRATULATIONS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="igho200@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-07-24T20:24:44Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="igho2000@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="7e0dde4a-9247-40e1-a046-c84cac61010d" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="igho2000@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONGRATULATIONS" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200307242024.h6OKOpG11090@foxfire.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-07-24T20:24:44Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-07-24T20:24:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jul 24 16:24:54 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200307242024.h6OKOpG11090@foxfire.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ENGR MARK DAVID" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-329" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ENGR MARK DAVID &lt;igho200@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200307242024.h6OKOpG11090@foxfire.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>CONGRATULATIONS</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>ATTENTION
I am Executive Accountant with the south Africa Department of Mining and
Natural Resources (DMNR)South Africa and my department is directly in charge
of contract award and payment of contractors.
In the course of carrying out my duties as contract award/payment
director I negotiated the award of a project to a Swedish firm for US$15
Million and already my government has allocated the amount of US$25 Million
for this particular project.
Having used my position to manipulate the extra US$10 M [ten million
US Dollars] to my favour , I am soliciting a reliable but obscure
individual to assist me as I will be handicap without a foreign partner
given the fact that as a serving civil servant in my country we are not
allowed to operate foreign accounts.
My government is presently paying foreign contractors through their
payment outlet abroad "Foreign Payment Board" in London-UK and
if we move fast your particulars can be drafted as one of the contractors to
be paid for onward release of the US$10Million to you/your company via FPB.
I am soliciting that I facilitate the transfer of this money into your
provided account so that I can travel to meet with you after the
transaction to discuss my personal investment plans in your country.
Note clearly that this transaction has been well planned having
followed all the required official contract award/ payment procedures.
Please, You have to give me your total co-operation and follow my advice
/instructions and you should consider this transaction as already successful
&amp; concluded.
Upon your reply I plan to register your company as a contractor with my
Department here in South Africa. for this I would require you to provide me
with your company name, address as well as your phone and fax numbers.
Note clearly that as top Government officials in South Africa, occupying
very sensitive top Government position we receive little salaries compared
to our positions hence I must do this in order to leave a legacy for my
family.
I urge you to consider this proposal sincerely and reply back to me
providing the requested information to proceed with the workability of
the transaction.
Best Wishes.
Mark David(Engr)</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>