<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="KINDLY ASSIST." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr. Ahmed Suleman&quot; &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. Ahmed Suleman &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-29T13:36:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drahmedsuleman@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="drahmedsuleman@gmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20061129143634.i2dhdgvuckw8gsck@webmail.uwnet.nl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="KINDLY ASSIST." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	[81.199.108.86]) by webmail.uwnet.nl (Horde MIME library) with HTTP; Wed,	29 Nov 2006 14:36:34 +0100" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20061129143634.i2dhdgvuckw8gsck@webmail.uwnet.nl&gt; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr. Ahmed Suleman&quot; &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. Ahmed Suleman &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=ISO-8859-1;	DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;	format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr. Ahmed Suleman&quot; &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. Ahmed Suleman &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-29T13:36:34Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 29 Nov 2006 14:36:34 +0100 DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-29T13:36:34Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 29 08:35:21 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt; [81.199.108.86]) by webmail.uwnet.nl (Horde MIME library) with HTTP; Wed, charset=ISO-8859-1;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="drahmedsuleman@gmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr. Ahmed Suleman" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr. Ahmed Suleman&quot; &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. Ahmed Suleman &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3311" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr. Ahmed Suleman &lt;drahmedsuleman@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20061129143634.i2dhdgvuckw8gsck@webmail.uwnet.nl&gt; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<title>KINDLY ASSIST.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

My Compliment to you,

I guess this letter may come to you as a surprise since I had no  
previous correspondence with you.

I am sending you this mail on behalf of the tender board of the Niger  
Delta Development Commission (NDDC), which is in charge of managing  
and supervising the disbursement of oil sales revenues for the  
Nigerian government which covers payment to foreign and local  
contractors that have executed contracts for our country. The revenue  
under our control runs into several hundred of millions of dollars  
monthly.

We came across your contact in our search for a reliable person to  
handle a very confidential transaction involving the transfer of Nine  
Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US$9.500m). This  
fund was accrued from various over invoicing of foreign contractors'  
payments made over the years. The contract has long been executed and  
payment of the actual contract amount has been paid to the foreign  
contractor. The balance of the actual contract is what my colleagues  
and I now interested in transferring out of Nigeria into a reliable  
foreign account for our personal use.

As civil servants we are not allowed to run foreign accounts. Hence we  
have chosen you to front and support us as the beneficiary to be paid.  
If you are interested in this proposal, kindly get back to me by  
sending me your letter of acceptance along with your direct telephone  
and fax numbers. For your support and partnership, please reply me to  
negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the  
funds are transferred into your bank account.

Further details about this transaction will be discussed in the  
subsequent correspondence. Note also that the particular nature of  
your business is irrelevant to this transaction and all local contacts  
and arrangements are in place for a smooth and successful conclusion  
of this transaction.

We will appreciate that you treat this proposal with utmost attention,  
knowing fully well that you cannot and will not be compelled to assist  
us if you are not disposed to.

I will be in UK on official assignment probably in a week’s time. I  
can be contacted via this email account drahmedsuleman@gmail.com  I  
will appreciate that you forward to me your contact telephone and fax  
numbers on responding to this mail; I will endeavour to call you for  
detailed discussion on the proposal.

Thank you as I await your response.

Sincerely,

Dr. Ahmed.



</p>

</body></html>