<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mark49nguessane@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Mark Nguessane." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mark nguessane&quot; &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mark nguessane &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mark49nguessane@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-29T15:56:00Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mark21nguessane@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY23-F137D23FB4AC04E35560EB4A4E40@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mark21nguessane@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mark Nguessane." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="29 Nov 2006 15:56:05.0791 (UTC) FILETIME=[E0BB4AF0:01C713CE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 29 Nov 2006 07:56:05 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY23-F137D23FB4AC04E35560EB4A4E40@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mark49nguessane@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mark nguessane&quot; &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mark nguessane &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mark nguessane&quot; &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mark nguessane &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-29T15:56:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-29T15:56:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="29 Nov 2006 15:56:05.0791 (UTC) FILETIME=[E0BB4AF0:01C713CE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mark49nguessane@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 29 10:56:44 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mark49nguessane@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 29 Nov 2006 07:56:05 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mark nguessane" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mark nguessane&quot; &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mark nguessane &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3312" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mark nguessane &lt;mark49nguessane@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY23-F137D23FB4AC04E35560EB4A4E40@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>From Mark Nguessane.</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mark Nguessane.

Dear ,

I am Mark Nguessane from Seirra-Leone I am the son of Chief Nguessane Bakari 
who was the managing director and owner of NGEBAK Import/Export 
company,NGEBAK Logistics company and NGEBAK Glass company here in Abidjan 
Cote d'Ivoire West Africa.

Dear I humbly wish to write you this letter in order that you will assist me 
and my only Sister Cecilia in this money transfer to your bank account in 
your country for investment in a profitable business.

On the 11th october 2004 our late father attended the general meeting of all 
the import/export companies in the country and unfortunately he was poisoned 
by his business rivals and he later died in the hospital.

But before his death,after staying in bed for three days in the hospital,he 
told me that he deposited the sum of US$12,000,000.(Twelve Million US 
dollars) in a bank here in abidjan on behalf of his foreign business partner 
in abroad and he advised me to look for a co-beneficiary from abroad to 
transfer these money to his account for investment in his country.

Presently,the members of his extended family has claimed all his companies 
leaving nothing behind for us,his extended family members also sent us away 
from his house where we are living and they seized all our house hold 
properties.

We are presently now staying in a hotel here in Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire 
because of our lives and the security of the valid documents which the bank 
gave to our late father on the day he made the deposit lest the members of 
our late fathers extended family will kill us and Claim these money in the 
bank.

Based on our ignorance in the international business world of this sort,we 
hereby solicit for your urgent assistance as the co-beneficiary of these 
money, for the bank to transfer these money to your safe and secured bank 
account in your country.

for further proceedings as we wait for your soonest response. Please,we 
don't want neither third party nor publicity of any kind in this business 
transaction as we have agreed to offer you 25% of the total sum and 75% will 
be for us respectively as you will also assist us to join you in your 
country as soon as this money is transfered to your account in your country 
for the investment.

Thanks in advance as we wait for your soonest response,

Yours Sincerely,

Mark and Cecillia Nguessane.

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>