<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[213.154.93.116]" />
<meta name="subject" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr.Ajoy Sonya.&quot; &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya. &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-user" content="[truJSZA7Uq]" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-11-29T21:47:30Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mr_sajoy01@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;truJSZA7Uq$213.154.93.116$.456e0dfd.c3da8.2afb.11768@lithium.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mr_sajoy01@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;truJSZA7Uq$213.154.93.116$.456e0dfd.c3da8.2afb.11768@lithium.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr.Ajoy Sonya.&quot; &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya. &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr.Ajoy Sonya.&quot; &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya. &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-11-29T21:47:30Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-11-29T21:47:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-User" content="[truJSZA7Uq]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 29 17:47:59 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr.Ajoy Sonya.&quot; &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya. &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[213.154.93.116]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3313" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr.Ajoy Sonya. &lt;mr.sajoy1@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;truJSZA7Uq$213.154.93.116$.456e0dfd.c3da8.2afb.11768@lithium.onspeed.com&gt;" />
<title>Mr.Ajoy Sonya.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello Dear.

You will be surprised to read from me, but please
consider this letter as a genuine request from a
family in dire need of your humble assistance.I am
Benson Dime. A Citizen of Zimbabwe,I am now seeking
political assylum. I got your contact through the
Information Exchange Online.

I am the only Son of Sonya Michael, a wealthy black
farmer and senior politician with the opposition
political party in my country, Movement for Democratic
Change (MDC). Our wicked President Robert Mugabe
murdered my father, before I ran way from my country
because I have become his next target to eliminate. My
father was a fighter for Justice and a moving force in
The MDC, a party wanting to end the several years of
brutal Dictatorship government of President Robert
Mugabe. You will read more stories about President
Mugabe's brutal acts by visiting this web
site:&lt;http://www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html&gt;

My father was accused of assisting the White farmers
in fighting the government. Few weeks after his
arrest, he was reported dead. The government claimed
he died of heart attack and his body was never seen
for proper autopsy, they buried him in the government
cemetery. My father's associate Mr.Mc Graw Olds a
White farmer from Britain assisted me in fighting my
father's death through the Court and media.

The Government saw us as a big threat to them and
decided to eliminate us. Mr. Olds was attacked and
murdered in his House, but fortunately, before they
came looking for me, I received the news and I left
the country through the border to save my life.

Here is my reason for contacting you. Before the death
of my father, he deposited (US$ 7,000,000.00) with a finance firm,The
money was deposited as a gem/precious stone in a metal
trunk box to avoid seizure and much demurrage from the
security company organization. This money was
earmarked for the purchase of new machinery and
chemicals for the farms and the establishment of new
farms in Lesotho and Swaziland.

The government seized my father’s farms and bank
account before his arrest and Murder. He told me
everything concerning the funds while he was still in
detention. This is why I need your assistance in
securing the funds there in your Country, so that I
can arrange on how to come over to your country for
the investment of the fund, I am willing to offer you
25% of the total fund for your assistance.as you may
know that the financial law and regulations of the
government does not give we assylum seekers financial
rights to such huge sum of money. In view of this, The
monetary policy/law does not allow such investment by
an asylum seeker or refugee. Please, let me know if
you can assist me, so that I can give you more details
on how we shall proceed.

As I wait for your urgent Response, please treat this
information as top secret.Pls u can also contact me through this alternative
mail (mr_sajoy01@voila.fr)

Yours truly,
Mr.Ajoy Sonya.




</p>

</body></html>