<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-dir" content="" />
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR HONESTY IS REQUIRED!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR.ERIC STEPHEN&quot; &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.ERIC STEPHEN &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-12-04T16:43:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source-args" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Primary Hostname - bazooka.chanserve.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Original Domain - UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [47 12] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-AntiAbuse" content="Sender Address Domain - bazooka.chanserve.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="eric_stephenxxx@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR HONESTY IS REQUIRED!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="eric_stephenxxx@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	for R@M; Mon, 04 Dec 2006 11:43:47 -0500" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200612041643.kB4Ghl9d021941@bazooka.chanserve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR.ERIC STEPHEN&quot; &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.ERIC STEPHEN &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR.ERIC STEPHEN&quot; &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.ERIC STEPHEN &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-12-04T16:43:47Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-12-04T16:43:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-source" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nobody@bazooka.chanserve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Primary Hostname - bazooka.chanserve.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Original Domain - UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Originator/Caller UID/GID - [47 12] / [47 12]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-antiabuse" content="Sender Address Domain - bazooka.chanserve.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Dir" content=" " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec  4 11:43:09 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nobody@bazooka.chanserve.com&gt; for R@M; Mon, 04 Dec 2006 11:43:47 -0500" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200612041643.kB4Ghl9d021941@bazooka.chanserve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source-Args" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR.ERIC STEPHEN" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR.ERIC STEPHEN&quot; &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.ERIC STEPHEN &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Source" content=" " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3322" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR.ERIC STEPHEN &lt;eric_stephenxx@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200612041643.kB4Ghl9d021941@bazooka.chanserve.com&gt;" />
<title>YOUR HONESTY IS REQUIRED!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend, 

Let me apologize to you for using this medium to communicate to you about this project. I am a highly placed official of the Government of Nigeria and also a founding member of the PEOPLES DEMOCRATAIC PARTY (PDP),which is the ruling party in Power now, in this Country. 


My committee - The Niger Delta Development Commission(NDDC)-which is in charge of managing and supervising the development of the Oil rich states in this Country. We are given Monthly allocation that runs into several millions of DOLLARS/POUNDS from oil sales of this Country to cover payments of foreign and local contractors who has/is executing contracts for this oil region called the NIGER DELTA. 


My self and other colleagues in this commission, NDDC are currently in need of a foreign partner with whose bank account we shall transfer the sum of Forty Nine Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars($49.5m).This fund was accrued from various over invoicing of contracts awarded to foreign contractors over the existing years of this commission. 


However, by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of the NDDC, we cannot acquire this funds in our name. This is because as top civil servants, we are not allowed by law of the land to own or operate bank accounts outside our country for now therefore, I have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues,to look for an oversea trusted partner in whose account we would transfer the fund Hence the reason for this mail. 


NOTE PLEASE: We shall be transferring the fund to your account with your company as the beneficiary and you are been paid for a contract,which you executed for our country through the NDDC.  For your support and partnership,please reply me to negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive your bank account. You must however note that this transaction, with regards to our disposition to continue with you, is subject to these terms below. 

FIRST, our conviction of your transparency. SECONDLY,that you treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality. Finally and above all, that you will provide an account that you have absolute control.  This transaction, although discrete, is legitimate and there is no risk or legal disadvantages either to ourselves or yourself now or in the future as we have put in place perfect machineries that will ensure a hitch free transfer of fund into your account upon acceptance. 


The transfer will be effected to your account within ten-fourteen (10-14) working days as soon as we reach an agreement and you furnish me with a suitable bank account,company name,address and with all your contact phone numbers including fax number. 


I am looking forward to doing business with you and do solicit your 
confidentiality in this transaction, Please mail your response to me through this email eric_stephenxxx@yahoo.com 

Yours faithfully, 

MR.ERIC STEPHEN 








</p>

</body></html>