<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="193.220.212.93" />
<meta name="subject" content="Nice Day" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt; in as" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-12-04T21:19:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="godbless@ibatam.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="godbless22@sify.com of" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1165267185.457490f160492@imp3-g19.free.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="godbless22@sify.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Nice Day" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	by imp3-g19.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP 	for &lt;officemail0031@127.0.0.1&gt;; Mon, 04 Dec 2006 22:19:45 +0100" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1165267185.457490f160492@imp3-g19.free.fr&gt; come" />
<meta name="creator" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt; in as" />
<meta name="creator" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt; in as" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-12-04T21:19:45Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 for &lt;officemail0031@127.0.0.1&gt;; Mon, 04 Dec 2006 22:19:45 +0100 his" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-12-04T21:19:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec  4 15:52:01 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt; by imp3-g19.free.fr (IMP) with HTTP did" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 to" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="God Bless" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt; in as" />
<meta name="Author" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="193.220.212.93" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3327" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="God Bless &lt;godbless@ibatam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1165267185.457490f160492@imp3-g19.free.fr&gt; come" />
<title>Nice Day</title>
</head>
<body><p>


FROM: Mr George Adams
Audit and Accounting Officer
ECOBANK BENIN , Rue du Gouverneur Bayol,
01  BP 1280-Cotonou
my Private email address is;godbless22@sify.com

Calvary Greetings,

I am Mr. George Adams Audit Manager ECOBANK of AFRICA BENIN . In the capital
city of Cotonou Benin republic, and assistance, this is a very confidential
proposition for you. On April 21st 1999, A Swedish Oil consultant/contractor
with the Benenoise Solid Minerals Corporation, Mr.Soren Anderson made a
numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at
US$15,000,000.00 (fifteen Million Dollars only) in my branch. Upon maturity on
November 20th 2003 as his Credit Officer, I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and
finally I discovered from his contract employers, the Benenoise Solid Minerals
Corporation that Mr.Soren Anderson died on auto accident with his entire
family.

Further investigations and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless.
Again, I made further investigation and discovered that Mr.Soren Anderson did
not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his
Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank.

This sum of US$15,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank No one will ever come
forward to claim it. According to the International Banking ethics, codes and
Laws, at the expiration of 7(Two) years, the money will revert to the ownership
of the Benin Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as
the next of kin to Mr.Soren. This is simple, I will like you to respond
immediately with your full names and address so that we will prepare the
necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of
kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of
70% for me and some of my colleagues who are aware of this transaction and 25%
for you and 5% for Expenses Incurred in the course of the transaction There is
no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by my
colleagues and with my position as the Foreign Remittance Director guarantees
the successful execution of this transaction.

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please send me your
confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication. You should
observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would
be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to
invest my share in your country.
Reply me in my Private email;

Awaiting your urgent reply.
Remain Bless.
Mr.George Adams




</p>

</body></html>