<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Mrs MELIKA DIOUF, TREAT VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Melika Diouf&quot; &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Melika Diouf &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-12-05T12:50:46Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY12-F3CC3DAC0DAAE21277713A95DE0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mrs MELIKA DIOUF, TREAT VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="05 Dec 2006 12:50:50.0591 (UTC) FILETIME=[FE08DEF0:01C7186B]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Tue, 5 Dec 2006 04:50:50 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY12-F3CC3DAC0DAAE21277713A95DE0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Melika Diouf&quot; &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Melika Diouf &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Melika Diouf&quot; &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Melika Diouf &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-12-05T12:50:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 some body applies for it as next of kin or relation  to the deceased as" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-12-05T12:50:46Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="melika_der_diouf@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n/b" content="CALL ME AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS MAIL OR WRITE EMAIL,AND YOU CAN " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="05 Dec 2006 12:50:50.0591 (UTC) FILETIME=[FE08DEF0:01C7186B]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Dec  5 07:50:58 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt; Tue, 5 Dec 2006 04:50:50 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Melika Diouf" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Melika Diouf&quot; &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Melika Diouf &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3332" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Melika Diouf &lt;melika_der_diouf_22@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY12-F3CC3DAC0DAAE21277713A95DE0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Mrs MELIKA DIOUF, TREAT VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

I apologize if the contents in this mail are contrary to your moral ethics, 
which I feel may be of great disturbance to your personal life, But please 
treat with absolute secrecy and personal. I pray that this email reaches you 
in the best of health.

I am Mrs will dera ahmed, born melika diouf, banking profession, mother of 
three children

the manager of bill and  exchange at the foreign remittance department Bank 
Of Africa. In my  department we discoveredan  abandoned sum of US$14.5M 
(fourteen million five  hundred thousand US dollars) in an account that 
belongs to one of our  foreign customer who died along with his family in 
the 2000 in a plane crash.

Since we got information about his death, we have  been expecting his next 
of  kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless 
  some body applies for it as next of kin or relation  to the deceased as  
indicated in our banking guide lines and lawsbut  unfortunately we learnt 
that all his supposed next of kin or relation died  alongside with him at 
the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I now  decided to make this 
business  proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or 
relation  to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since 
nobody is  coming for it and we don't want this  money to  go  into the bank 
treasury as   unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that  if such money remained 
unclaimed after six years, the money will be transferred into the bank  
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The request of foreigner  as next of kin in this  business is occasioned by
the fact that the customer  was a foreigner and a Burkina cannot stand as 
next of kin to a foreigner. I agree that 45% of this money will be for you 
as  respect to the provision of a foreign account , 5% will be set aside for 
expenses incurred during the  business and 50% be for me.

Thereafter, I will visit your country for disbursement according to the 
percentage indicated. Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this  
fund to you as arranged, you must apply first to the  bank as relation or  
next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account  
number, your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective
communication and location where the money will be  transfer.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by  fax or email the text of 
the application. I will not fail to bring to your  notice that this 
transaction is hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear 
as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should 
contact me immediately as soon as you  receive this mail,

Trusting to hear from you immediately.

Yours faithfully.

Mrs MELIKA DIOUF,

N/B: CALL ME AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS MAIL OR WRITE EMAIL,AND YOU CAN 
REPLY AND FRENCH TOO

E-MAIL: melika_der_diouf@yahoo.fr

_________________________________________________________________
Testez Windows Live Mail Beta ! http://www.ideas.live.com/



</p>

</body></html>