<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="usman_bello2121@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="THE CEO" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;usman bello&quot; &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="usman bello &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="usman_bello2121@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-12-09T23:03:55Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY7-F18E01DD31AEF975E472C499CD20@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="THE CEO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="09 Dec 2006 23:03:56.0716 (UTC) FILETIME=[4DED16C0:01C71BE6]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F18E01DD31AEF975E472C499CD20@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[usman_bello2121@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;usman bello&quot; &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="usman bello &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;usman bello&quot; &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="usman bello &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-12-09T23:03:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-12-09T23:03:55Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="pass (mxus14: domain of hotmail.com designates 65.54.246.97 as permitted sender) client-ip=65.54.246.97; envelope-from=usman_bello2121@hotmail.com; helo=bay0-omc1-s25.bay0.hotmail.com;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;SRS0=mlEX=FT=hotmail.com=usman_bello2121@srs.perfora.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="pass (mxus14: domain of hotmail.com designates 65.54.246.97 as permitted sender) client-ip=65.54.246.97; envelope-from=usman_bello2121@hotmail.com; helo=bay0-omc1-s25.bay0.hotmail.com;	 Sat, 9 Dec 2006 15:03:56 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="09 Dec 2006 23:03:56.0716 (UTC) FILETIME=[4DED16C0:01C71BE6]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="usman_bello2121@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Dec  9 18:04:11 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[usman_bello2121@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;SRS0=mlEX=FT=hotmail.com=usman_bello2121@srs.perfora.net&gt; Sat, 9 Dec 2006 15:03:56 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="usman bello" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;usman bello&quot; &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="usman bello &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3351" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="usman bello &lt;usman_bello2121@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F18E01DD31AEF975E472C499CD20@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>THE CEO</title>
</head>
<body><p>Good day,
I am contacting you because of a business concerning a huge sum of money 
which was deposited by a client in the Security and Finance company where I 
work here in Nigeria.Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude will 
make any one apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that all will 
be well at the end of the day. I actually decided to contact you due to the 
urgency of this transaction.
PROPOSITION;
I discovered an abandoned deposit in my company owned by one of our
foreign customers who died along with his entire family as a result of
an automobile crash. He actually deposited this funds amounting to
US$40,000,000.00 (fourty million united states dollars), for safe
keeping in my company here in Nigeria. Company file records shows that the 
funds was actually for a project. Our late costurmer wanted to start a multi 
million Dollar steel plant in Florida, USA in the near futur,before his 
sudden and untimely death. As such since his death none ofhis relations or 
next-of-kin has come forward to lay claims for this property as the heir, 
this basically the reason why I have
contacted you. My company cannot release the property unless someone
applies for claim as the next-of-kin to the deceased as indicated in our 
operating guidelines.
Upon this discovery, I now seek your permission to have you stand as a
next of kin to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully
worked out by me for the funds to be released in your favour as the
beneficiary's next of kin. It may interest you to know that I have
secured from the probate an order to locate any of deceased
beneficiaries. Please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance
of our mutual business endeavour by furnishing me with the following;
1. Beneficiary full name and address
2. Direct Telephone and fax numbers
3. Occupation and position
4. Nationality and Date of birth
5. Marital status
6. Gender/sex
These requirements will enable me file letter of claim to the
appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favour before
you can personally appear for the claim. I shall be compensating you
with 30% of the total money while 10% will be for any expenses incurred and 
the rest will be mine on final conclusion of this project. Please note that 
your share stays while the rest shall be for me for investment purposes.
If this proposal is acceptable by you, do not take undue advantage of
the trust I have bestowed in you, I await your urgent reply through my 
private email;; U BELLO

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>