<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.56.85.9" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM RITA DOINK." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="rita_doink@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+31-626-403-565" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-12-12T17:25:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rita_doink@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+31-" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM RITA DOINK." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="rita_doink@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="rita_doink@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-12-12T17:25:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;UTF-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-12-12T17:25:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Dec 12 12:28:47 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&lt;rita_doink@virgilio.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="rita_doink@virgilio.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.56.85.9" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3356" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="rita_doink@virgilio.it" />
<title>FROM RITA DOINK.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM RITA DOINK.
INTERNATIONAL PROMOTIONS/PRIZE AWARD DEPARTMENT
RESULTS FOR CATEGORY "A" DRAWS.

Congratulations to you as we bring to 
your notice, the results of the First Category draws of THE HOLLAND 
CASINO LOTTO PROMO INT. We are happy to inform you that you have 
emerged a winner under the First Category, which is part of our 
promotional draws. The draws were being officially announced on the 1st 
of December, 2006.Participants were selected through a computer ballot 
system drawn from 2,500,000 email addresses of individuals and 
companies from Africa, America, Asia, Australia,Europe, Middle East and 
Oceania as part of our International Promotions Program.

Your e- mail 
address, attached to Coupon numbers 8800977 consequently won in the 
First Category. You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of 
500,00000eur (Five hundred thousand euros), which is the winning payout 
for Category A winners. This is from a total cash prize of 5,000,000.00 
Million Euros shared amongst the first Ten (10) lucky winners in this 
category. 

CONGRATULATIONS!

Your fund is now deposited with the 
paying Bank.In your best interest to avoid mix up of numbers and names 
of any kind, we request that you keep the entire details of your award 
strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your 
claims has been completed, and your funds remitted to your account.This 
is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or 
unscrupulous acts by participants/nonparticipants of this program. 

Please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and 
remittance of your prize money to a designated bank account of your 
choice. You are advised to contact the agents by email,phone or fax. 
Failure to do so may warrant disqualification.NOTE: For easy reference 
and identification, remember to quote your Coupon numbers in your 
correspondence with your claims agent.

To file for your claim,please 
contact the fiduciary agent with your Coupon numbers,tel/fax numbers 
and full names.
***********************************************
MR. 
KARL WINSLOW.
AMSTERDAM,THE NETHERLANDS.
TEL: +31-626-403-565
FAX:+31-
847-355-196.
REPLY EMAIL:mrkarlwwinsloww@aim.com
***********************************************
All winnings must be 
notarized to complete the claim process; winners will be referred to a 
Foreign Transfer Manager,to have their winnings notarized. 

Congratulations once again from all our staff.

Sincerely Yours,

MRS. 
RITA DOINK.
THE PROMOTION COORDINATOR



</p>

</body></html>