<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE HELP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;carlos savimbi&quot; &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="carlos savimbi &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-07-27T16:10:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;savimbicar1dogmail.co.uk@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="savimbicar1dogmail.co.uk@dogmail.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="savimbicar1dogmail.co.uk@dogmail.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="savimbicar1@fizgigs.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1765.216.250.221.11.1059322221.squirrel@webmail2.netmongol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE HELP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="savimbicar1@fizgigs.com" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1765.216.250.221.11.1059322221.squirrel@webmail2.netmongol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;carlos savimbi&quot; &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="carlos savimbi &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;carlos savimbi&quot; &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="carlos savimbi &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-07-27T16:10:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-07-27T16:10:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 27 Jul 2003 12:11:59 -0400 (EDT)        Sun, 27 Jul 2003 10:10:21 -0600 (MDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="WWWebmail (version 1.2.7)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jul 27 12:12:07 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 27 Jul 2003 12:11:59 -0400 (EDT) Sun, 27 Jul 2003 10:10:21 -0600 (MDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="carlos savimbi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;carlos savimbi&quot; &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="carlos savimbi &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="WWWebmail (version 1.2.7)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-334" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="carlos savimbi &lt;savimbicar1@dogmail.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1765.216.250.221.11.1059322221.squirrel@webmail2.netmongol.com&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE HELP</title>
</head>
<body><p>Please reply to savimbicar1@fizgigs.com
Dear friend




My proposal to you will be very surprising as we have not had any
personal contact. However I sincerely seek your confidence in this
transaction which I propose to you as a person of transparency and caliber

Let me first start by introducing myself properly to you My name
is Carlos Savimbi cousin and Personal Assistant of Jonas Malheiro
Savimbi the leader UNITA (National Union for the Total independence
of Angola) I got your email address from network directory I apologize
if I infringed  on your privacy.

You may know that my Uncle was recently killed in a battle with
the government troops of Angola led by President Dos Santos on friday 22nd
February 2002

Now Mr Antonio Dembo who was my Uncle's second in command has
assumed office as leader of UNITA In spite of this UNITA is like
a herd of cattle without shepherd Prominent members like Carlos
Morgado are still lobbying to oust him and assume office as leader
to enrich themselves and some of them who see me as a threat to
their ambitions including Mr Dembo are planning to kill me For
more information check www.angola.org

However I am a young man who has ambitions and I am not in any
way interested in wars this is why I secretly left Angola

I am sincerely seeking for your urgent help in respect to safekeeping
of some of my Uncle's money that arose from Diamonds sales This
money US$20 million was already on its way to my Uncle's Swiss
Bank account It was on transit with a safe deposit company
in Europe when the tragic incident of my Uncle's death occurred.

As a matter of fact this is the reason I chose to come and
seek political asylum. It is very clear with the way things are
now that President Dos Santos will lobby the International Community

to freeze my Uncle's assets and accounts abroad to ground UNITA
since he has already done this in Angola.

I plan to use this money to safeguard my future It is very essential
that you understand that the kind of trust and confidence I want
to put in you is extraordinary and an act of desperation on my
part in order not to lose this money Please treat this contact
with utmost secrecy and confidentiality for security and safety reasons.

The help I need from you is clearing the box containing the money
from the security company after which it will be deposited in
an account in your name . The money
shall remain in your custody till my asylum application is granted
and I have the permit to conduct business then you will transfer
the account to me Meanwhile the money can be invested into risk-free
profitable ventures and there will an agreement to protect my interest.
I have all the documents that will enable you claim the consignment from
the security company.
To make this deal relisable i need a committment from you that it will be
kept confidential,your tel nd fax numbers including mobile for easy
communications,your permanent address as well as some form of
identification.
For your reliable assistance I will reward you with 20% of the money
and we shall use 5% to carry out every expenses that we incurr during the
transaction
and the investment process. 75%shall be for my family.

I thank you in advance in anticipation for your assistance in enabling
me achieve this goal. Please contact me whether or not you are interested
in assisting me. This will enable me scout for another partner in
the event of non-interest on your part.
Please reply to savimbicar1@fizgigs.com
NOTE YOUR PROMPT RESPONSE WILL BE APPRECIATED.


Sincerely,

CARLOS SAVIMBI.



---------
This email has been sent by http://www.dogmail.co.uk.
The superior free email service for dog lovers


</p>

</body></html>