<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en-us" />
<meta name="subject" content="Re: Next of Kin" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&quot; &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+44-701-114-9174 Fax: +44-871-264-3736 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-12-18T01:14:10Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;Administrator&quot; &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="Administrator &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Mozilla 4.77 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="caspar_j_justin@LawDr.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;9926421B.2CD6042@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Re: Next of Kin" />
<meta name="MboxParser-nb" content="This transaction is very confidential and 100% risk free as I have a" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Mozilla 4.77 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;9926421B.2CD6042@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&quot; &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&quot; &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-12-18T01:14:10Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-12-18T01:14:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Dec 17 19:17:21 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en-us" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&quot; &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3377" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk &lt;casparjjustin2@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;9926421B.2CD6042@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<title>Re: Next of Kin</title>
</head>
<body><p>Caspar J. Justin Solicitors
86 Market Place, Mansfield  NG10 7HR,United Kingdom
Tel: +44-701-114-9174 Fax: +44-871-264-3736 
Email: caspar_j_justin@LawDr.net
                                                                           
                                 


Dear, 

                                  Re: Next of Kin

I am Caspar J. Justin an Attorney at Law, a South African national
practicing here in the UK.

I am writing to notify you of the TESTAMENT of one or our Client who
unfortunately lost his life in the Madrid bomb blast on March 11, 2004,
killing over two hundred people including tourists in Spain. He was a
prominent business leader who had been in Spain for vacation with his wife
and their only daughter. 

The deceased who was residing in the United States of America before his
death made a deposit of Fifteen Million Five Hundred Thousand United States
Dollars (US$15,500,000.00) in Amsterdam Netherlands, his effort to avoid the
obligatory payment of income tax in the United States of America.

However, I was mandated by our team of professionals to search for the
relatives of the deceased regarding his deposit as the holding financial
institution wants him to come forward for the endorsement of the
reinvestments documents on interest accrued.

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his Next
of Kin or relatives to come over to sign the reinvestment documents or claim
his deposit because the financial institution cannot release these funds
unless a formal application is made which is in line with the Royal Dutch
law on inheritance claim.

Regrettably, I learnt that his supposed Next of Kin, which could be his
spouse or his only daughter died along with him in the ugly Madrid Bomb
Blast leaving nobody with the knowledge of this huge deposit except me as
the personal lawyer attached to monitor his deposit. It is in this regard
that I and my colleagues decided to solicit your assistance by presenting
you as the next of kin to the deceased. Although, we have agreed on the
following sharing ratios: 25% for your assistance and 75% for me and my
colleagues but it is still negotiable.

NB: This transaction is very confidential and 100% risk free as I have a
copy of his LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT which I can present your name as the
TRUSTEE &amp; EXECUTOR. This transaction shall be executed under legitimate and
legal procedures that will protect you from any breach of the Law.

Therefore, do not hesitate to revert back to me, either via fax or email,
with the following details if my proposal interests you:  A signed copy of
this letter, your address and your telephone and fax numbers. 

Best regards,



Caspar J. Justin
Attorney At Law (Principal)




</p>

</body></html>