<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="With Due Respect" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ibrahim_ mussa5&quot; &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ibrahim_ mussa5 &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.windowslive.fr/livecom/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2006-12-22T11:46:51Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mussa2008@fastermail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY111-F75D33E228720FDC415C83DDCD0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mussa2008@fastermail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="With Due Respect" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="22 Dec 2006 11:46:51.0556 (UTC) FILETIME=[DED05E40:01C725BE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Fri, 22 Dec 2006 03:46:51 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY111-F75D33E228720FDC415C83DDCD0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ibrahim_ mussa5&quot; &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ibrahim_ mussa5 &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ibrahim_ mussa5&quot; &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ibrahim_ mussa5 &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2006-12-22T11:46:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2006-12-22T11:46:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="22 Dec 2006 11:46:51.0556 (UTC) FILETIME=[DED05E40:01C725BE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Dec 22 06:46:55 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt; Fri, 22 Dec 2006 03:46:51 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ibrahim_ mussa5" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ibrahim_ mussa5&quot; &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ibrahim_ mussa5 &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3385" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ibrahim_ mussa5 &lt;ibrahim_mussa5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY111-F75D33E228720FDC415C83DDCD0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>With Due Respect</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF IBRAHIM MUSSA,
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK(ADB)
OUAGADOUGOU,BURKINA FASO.WEST AFRICA.

With Due Respect


I am the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department 
of african development bank (ADB). I crave your indulgence as i contact you 
in such a surprising manner. But I respectfully insist you read this letter 
carefully as I am optimistic it will open doors for unimaginable financial 
rewards for both of us.

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of Ten Million,Five  Hundred 
Thousand US dollars (US$10.5m) only , in an account that belongs to one of 
our foreign customer who died along with his entire family in November 2001 
in a plan crash. Since we got information about his death, we have been 
expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot 
release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the 
deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we learnt 
that all his supposed next of kin or relation died along with him at the 
plan crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make this business 
proposal to you so that the money could be released to you as the next of 
kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since 
nobody is coming for it and i dont want this money to go into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed Bill.

The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after five years, the money will be transferred into the Bank 
treasury as "unclaimed fund". The request for a foreigner as next of kin in 
this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner 
and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. We agree that 
30% of this money will be for you as a foreign partner, in respect to the 
provision of a foreign account , 10% will be set aside for expenses incurred 
during the business and 60% would be for me.

There after I will visit your country for disbursement according to the 
percentages indicated. Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of this 
fund to you as arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relation or 
next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank name,your bank account 
number, your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective 
communication and location wherein the money will be remitted. Upon receipt 
of your reply,

I will send to you by fax or email the text of the application.I will not 
fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch free and that 
you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have 
been made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you 
receive this letter. Trusting to hear from you immediately.

Yours faithfully,
ibrahim mussa,
Bill and exchange manager,
African Development bank ADB

_________________________________________________________________
Découvrez Live.com : le nouveau moteur de recherche par Messenger! 
http://www.windowslive.fr/livecom/



</p>

</body></html>