<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Miss Joy Kem" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;joy&quot; &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="joy &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Length" content="3396" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="joykem@centrum.sk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="joykem@centrum.sk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1250&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="joykem@centrum.sk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-references" content="&lt;200612221511.30042@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="relation" content="&lt;200612221511.30042@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-lines" content="49" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;200612221847.24246@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Miss Joy Kem" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Lines" content="49" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:In-Reply-To" content="&lt;200612221511.30042@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	(envelope-from joykem@centrum.sk)	(envelope-from joykem@centrum.sk)	&lt;rfc822;org@acl2007.org&gt;); Fri, 22 Dec 2006 18:47:15 +0100" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200612221847.24246@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;joy&quot; &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="joy &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1250&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;joy&quot; &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="joy &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:relation" content="&lt;200612221511.30042@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 (envelope-from joykem@centrum.sk)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1250&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:References" content=" &lt;200612221511.30042@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Centrum Mail 1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-length" content="3396" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="joykem@centrum.sk Fri Dec 22 13:07:36 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt; (envelope-from joykem@centrum.sk) &lt;rfc822;org@acl2007.org&gt;); Fri, 22 Dec 2006 18:47:15 +0100" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="joy" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;joy&quot; &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="joy &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Centrum Mail 1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3387" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="joy &lt;joykem@centrum.sk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200612221847.24246@centrum.cz&gt;" />
<title>Miss Joy Kem</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear

Please let this letter not to bring confusion to you. I 
know that we have not met either before but hear me from 
the dept of your mind. It is circumstances that made to 
send this to you.

I will introduce myself first to you, My name is Miss Joy Kem, I lost my mother, my hero and my lord Ms Kem a 
year ago. She was poisioned to death by her associate in 
business. She formed a company by one Mr. Philip Brown who poisioned her only to take benefit of the multi million venture. He was arrested immedaitely my mother died and he 
entered an agreement with my mother's brothers that I and the immedaite younger brother of my mother will represent my mother's interest in the company. After six months I was kicked out of the company because I said that we have to change the company's lawyer who I termed was part of the elimination of my mother. I did not know that they have changed all the company's document without my name appearing any where. I will have to let you know more detail on that but let me move to the point why I am 
contacting you.

I have been nick named bastard by my mother's relations, 
They have named me all source of names even calling me 
outcast because my mother is late, while my mother was the bread winner of the family. They have pushed me out of my mother's mansion and still want to eliminate my life.I got through the records of my mother account books three weeks ago while crying and meditating, which I beleive was inspired by the spirit of God, I discovered that there is a huge sum of money she deposited in a bank, which is $9,800,000. The note attached to the deposit agreement 
she made with the bank indicated that, the money was to be used to purchase machinery for the establishment of a new company of her own.

Please all I need from you is to do all you can to help me to get this money out of the bank. I have been to the bank where this money is deposited immediately, and confirmed the account most deligently. The bank told me that my mother informed them that the money was to be remitted 
to her company's costumer account abroad, which her costumer will provide to them but since then they have never heard from her nor the costumer. Now my mother is late. I don't want the bank to know that my mother 
is late. I told them that she is ill and appointed me to represent her in her affairs.

(1).I want you to provide an account where the money will 
be remitted into as my mother's costumer. (2).Make 
arrangement for me to leave here as soon as possible
(3).How much commission you will take for rendering the 
assistant?

My mother did not marry to any man, She had me as the only 
child while she was having an affair with the person that 
surpposed to be my father when she was 18 years and the 
man abandoned her and disappeared which forced her to 
remain single. Now I am 20 years and never saw my father 
for a day.I have no home now and my life is in danger. I 
don't have any one to run into. All the members of my 
mother family have turned their back on me because I 
demand for me right. They told me that I don't belong to 
the family. That I should go and look for my father, Whom 
I don't know. I have made trace to know my father without 
sucess. I want you to hear me from the inner most of your 
heart and accord me this help.

God will bless you for saving my life and future.

Best wishes,
Miss Joy Kem.




</p>

</body></html>