<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Season's Greetings!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos&quot; &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="alondracarlos@yahoo.it" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Season's Greetings!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos&quot; &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos&quot; &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;anonymous@exo.phpwebhosting.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="popper" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Dec 24 02:30:21 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;anonymous@exo.phpwebhosting.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos&quot; &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3389" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos &lt;alondracarlos@yahoo.it&gt;" />
<title>Season's Greetings!</title>
</head>
<body><p>X-Mailer: popper

Season's Greetings!



Forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as a 

surprise and may offend your personality for contacting you without 

your prior consent and writing through this channel.I got your contact 

from a professional database found in internet while searching for a 

reliable and honest person that will be an anointed steward in a vision 

very dear to me.



I am Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos person from Puerto Rico 

undergoing medical treatment. I am married to Dr.  Kevin Jose-Carlos 

who was a gun runner supplying arms and ammunition to warring factions 

in Africa before he died in the year 2002.We were married for eleven 

years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for 

only four days. Since his after death, I decided not to re-marry or get 

a child outside my matrimonial home. When my late

husband was alive he  deposited the sum of  £ 11.8.Million (Eleven Million,

Eight Hundred Thousand British Pounds Sterling) with a Fiduciary company. 

Presently ,this money is still with the Fiduciary Company. Recently, 

my doctor told me that I would not last for the next

three months due to cancer problem.  Though what disturbs me most is my partial

paralysis. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to an

organisation or individual that will utilize this money the way I am going

to instruct here in. I want an organisation or individual that will use this to

fund, women and youth groups, victims of war, environmental protection,

charities, orphanages and widows . It is said that blessed is the hand 

that giveth.



I took this decision because I don't have any child that 

will inherit this money and as a part of restitution for the atrocities 

of my husband which I tacitly supported. I don't want a situation where 

this money will be used in an ungodly manner , hence the reason for 

taking this bold decision.



I am not afraid of death, hence I know where I am going .I know that I am

going to be in the bosom. If you consider yourself adequately equipped morally and

spiritually for this mission, please ,respond by letting me know your

decision to alondracarlos@sify.com



Yours sincerely,



Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos








</p>

</body></html>