<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE STAND ON MY BEHALF," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;miss peace&quot; &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="miss peace &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="peace_mathew10@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-03-09T21:32:24Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="peace_mathew10@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="peace_mathew10@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE STAND ON MY BEHALF," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200612261746.kBQHkP8O020345@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;miss peace&quot; &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="miss peace &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;miss peace&quot; &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="miss peace &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-03-09T21:32:24Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-03-09T21:32:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Dec 26 12:46:31 2006" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200612261746.kBQHkP8O020345@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="miss peace" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;miss peace&quot; &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="miss peace &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3391" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="miss peace &lt;peace_mathew10@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200612261746.kBQHkP8O020345@score.mail.UM&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE STAND ON MY BEHALF,</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,
Kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you. I want you to
trust me and help me out in this my condition. I believe you are a highly
respected personality, considering the fact that I sourced your profile
from a human resource profile database on your country in the Internet.
Though, I do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and
fragile political situation in Liberia but it has formed consistent
headlines in the CNN, BBCnews bulletins.
My Name is Miss Peace Mathew 24 years old and my mother is rebecca tomson
from Liberia, a Country in West Africa, now seeking for refugee in
Dakar-Senegal under the(UNHCR). The only surviving daughter and my mother a
widow who is presently in Hospital in Dakar-Senegal. My late Father is
Mathew dennis tomson, Deputy Minister of Public Works in
Liberia. My
Father was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then PRESIDENT OF
LIBERIA CHARLES TAYLOR) from office. Without trial, Charles Taylor killed
him. I am looking looking for someone who can take me as child I
promise to be obedient to you and I will bring happiness to your life.
I got your contact from the Internet Search. I want you to assist me in
this transaction. The deposit documents indicate me as the next of kin.
Presently, I am saddled with the problem of securing a trust worthy
foriegn personality to help me.
You can verify this from some of the international newspapers posted in
the
web sites below:
(I) &lt;&lt;http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2003-07-15-liberia_x.htm&gt;&gt;
(ii) &lt;
color.http://www.unwire.org/UNWire/20030716/449_66&gt; 21.asp
Before my Father was killed, he moved out the sum of $5.2 million and
deposited it with a Finance Company.
All that is needed is for me to instruct the Finance company to
transfer the fund to your account, We will renumerate you with 20% at the end,
but most of all is that I solicit your trust in this transaction.
Kindly include your Full Name, Private Telephone and Fax Numbers where
you can always be reached, your Residential or Company Address to
enable him send detail information/documents that will enable you receive
the fund without any problem either now or in future as all modalities as
been perfected.
As soon as I get your full acceptance I will forward you the contact
informations of the Finance company. My email address is
peace_mathew10.com
I will send my picture when I hear from you. Please your urgent
response is needed.
Best Regards.
MISS.Peace




</p>

</body></html>