<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[216.139.180.2] &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-07-29T12:24:28Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;SI2003@kukamail.com&quot; &lt;SI2003@kukamail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="SI2003@kukamail.com &lt;SI2003@kukamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="SI2003@kukamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="NextPart_1628-2B46-37AB-19DE-1358-1697-" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200307291224.h6TCOT211977@wm-smtp1.entergroup.com&gt; i have contacted you to act as his next of kin to assist in repartrating=" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-07-29T12:24:28Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-07-29T12:24:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;SI2003@kukamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-visit" content="http://www.entergroup.com today!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-visit" content="&lt;A target=3D&quot;_blank&quot; href=3D&quot;http://www.entergroup.com&quot;&gt;http://ww=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jul 29 08:25:01 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;SI2003@kukamail.com&gt; boundary=&quot;NextPart_1628-2B46-37AB-19DE-1358-1697-&quot; &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200307291224.h6TCOT211977@wm-smtp1.entergroup.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 &lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[216.139.180.2]" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="MboxParser-.com&quot;&gt;http" content="//www.kukamail.com&lt;/A&gt;&lt;BR&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-339" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200307291224.h6TCOT211977@wm-smtp1.entergroup.com&gt; i have contacted you to act as his next of kin to assist in repartrating=" />
<title></title>
</head>
<body>
 

 

Dear Sir,  

 

I am Mr Steve Ibeto, the personal accounting officer to  

Mr Williams Hales, a national of your country, who  

used to work with shell development company in  

Nigeria. Here in after shall be referred to as my  

client.  

 

On the 21st of April 1999, my client, his wife And  

their three children were involved in a car accident  

along sagbama express road. All occupants of the  

vehicle unfortunately lost there lives. Since then I  

have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate  

any of my clients extended relatives this has also  

proved unsuccessful.  

 

After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided  

to trace any of his relation but to all avail.After investigation,i discovered that his next of kin dead along with him during the accident Hence i have contacted you to act as his next of kin to assist in repartrating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confisicated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were lodged.  

 

Particularly,the Zenith International bank plc where the deceased had  

an account valued at about 5.5million dollars has  

issued me a notice as his accounting officer to  

provide the next of kin or have the account  

confisicated within the next ten official working  

days.  

 

 

since i have been unsuccesfull in locating the  

relatives for over 2 years now i seek your consent to  

present you as the next of kin of the deceased since  

you have the same surname so that the proceeds of this  

account valued at 5.5million dollars can be paid to  

you and then you and me can share the money. I have  

all necessary legal documents that can be used to back  

up any claim we may make. All I require is your honest  

cooperation to enable us see this deal through. I  

guarantee that this will be executed under a  

legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any  

breach of the law.  

 

Thanks and God Bless  

 

Best Regards.  

 

Mr Steve Ibeto.  

 

  



___________________________________________________________

Kukamail.com - Free Email for the World!

Open your account here: <a shape="rect" href="http://www.kukamail.com">http://www.kukamail.com</a>



___________________________________________________________

SPONSOR MESSAGE: 

Get Email @YOURFAMILY, @YOURBUSINESS, or @YOURDOMAIN

Visit: <a shape="rect" href="http://www.entergroup.com">http://www.entergroup.com</a> today!



</body></html>