<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="jerryberry012@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT REPLY " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;jerry berry&quot; &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jerry berry &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.windowslive.fr/liveonecare/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jerryberry012@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-04T19:54:42Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jerry_berry020@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY15-F21202B0C1B5E4B1DAB276D81B80@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jerry_berry020@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT REPLY " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="04 Jan 2007 19:54:45.0412 (UTC) FILETIME=[2EC30E40:01C7303A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 4 Jan 2007 11:54:45 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F21202B0C1B5E4B1DAB276D81B80@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[jerryberry012@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;jerry berry&quot; &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="jerry berry &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;jerry berry&quot; &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jerry berry &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-04T19:54:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-04T19:54:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="04 Jan 2007 19:54:45.0412 (UTC) FILETIME=[2EC30E40:01C7303A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="jerryberry012@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan  4 14:54:49 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[jerryberry012@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt; Thu, 4 Jan 2007 11:54:45 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jerry berry" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;jerry berry&quot; &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="jerry berry &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3411" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jerry berry &lt;jerryberry012@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY15-F21202B0C1B5E4B1DAB276D81B80@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT REPLY </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF  DR. JERRY BERRY
THE MANAGER OF AUDIT AND ACCOUNTING DEPT,
BANK OF AFRICA (BOA)
OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA-FASO.

I MAKE THIS APPEAL WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT ANY FACTS OR OPINION
EXPRESSED BY ME ARE GIVING IN CONFIDENCE AND SOLELY FOR YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION AND USE.

I am DR. JERRY BERRY the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign
remittance department of my Bank. In my department I discovered an abandoned 
sum of US$12.5M,(Twelve Million, Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars) with 
account number 14-2558-5976 that belongs to one of our foreign customers who 
died along with his wife and only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska 
Airlines Flight number 261 which crashed on 31 January, 2000. You can read 
more about the crash on visiting this site 
http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great 
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this discovery 
that I now decided to make this  business proposal to you and for our bank 
to release the money to you. You have to follow the instruction which I will 
send to you as the next of  kin or relation to the deceased for safety and 
subsequent disbursement  since nobody is coming for it and I don't want this 
money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money  remained 
unclaimed after four years, the money will be transfered into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund. The money has now stayed more than four years 
and I am preparing documentaion to prove that this money has been transfered 
to our bank treasury. It will be between me and you only  that will know 
that the money is not transfered into our treasure.

The request of foreigner as next of kin in this transaction is occasioned by 
the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabé cannot stand as 
next of kin to a foreigner.In appreciation of your assistance, I am offering 
you 30% of the total  sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of transfer/other 
charges) likely to be incurred during the course of transaction, while the 
remaining 65% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email  the text of 
the application which you will complete and forward to our bank asking for 
this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson. I 
will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch-free 
and that you should not entertain any fear as all required arrangements have 
been made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you 
receive this mail through the above email.

PLEASE DO NOT HESITATE TO CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY  YOU CONSIDER MY URGENT 
REQUEST.

Yours Faithfully,
DR. JERRY BERRY


Tele 00226 70 35 44 29

_________________________________________________________________
Avec Windows Live OneCare éliminez tous les virus de votre PC ! 
http://www.windowslive.fr/liveonecare/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>