<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="JUST ANNOUNCED!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MRS VICTORIA BOLANO.&quot; &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS VICTORIA BOLANO. &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+31-626-403-565=0D" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="victbolano@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-05T03:29:40Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+31-847-355-196.=0D" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="victbolano@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="k_winslow@myway.com or karlwinslow@sify.com=0D" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="JUST ANNOUNCED!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="victbolano@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070105032923.C072410015C5@reliquia.netfor.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MRS VICTORIA BOLANO.&quot; &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS VICTORIA BOLANO. &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MRS VICTORIA BOLANO.&quot; &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS VICTORIA BOLANO. &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-05T03:29:40Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 in the First Category. You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay ou=" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-05T03:29:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;www@netfor.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan  4 22:29:55 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;www@netfor.com.br&gt; is part of our promotional draws. The draws were being officially announ=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200701050329.l053Te9V029086@sleepers.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS VICTORIA BOLANO." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MRS VICTORIA BOLANO.&quot; &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS VICTORIA BOLANO. &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3412" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS VICTORIA BOLANO. &lt;victbolano@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070105032923.C072410015C5@reliquia.netfor.com.br&gt;" />
<title>JUST ANNOUNCED!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Content-Type: text/plain

Message-Id: &lt;20070105032923.C072410015C5@reliquia.netfor.com.br&gt;
Date: Fri,  5 Jan 2007 01:29:23 -0200 (BRST)
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

=0D
FROM VICTORIA BOLANO.=0D
INTERNATIONAL PROMOTIONS/PRIZE AWARD DEPARTMENT=0D
RESULTS FOR CATEGORY "A" DRAWS.=0D
=0D
Congratulations to you as we bring to your notice, the results of the Fir=
st Category draws of THE HOLLAND CASINO LOTTO PROMO INT. We are happy to =
inform you that you have emerged a winner under the First Category, which=
 is part of our promotional draws. The draws were being officially announ=
ced this morning the 4th of January, 2007.Participants were selected thro=
ugh a computer ballot system drawn from 2,500,000 email addresses of indi=
viduals and companies from Africa, America, Asia, Australia,Europe, Middl=
e East and Oceania as part of our International Promotions Program.=0D
=0D
Your e- mail address, attached to Coupon numbers 4770001 consequently won=
 in the First Category. You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay ou=
t of 500,00000eur (Five hundred thousand euros), which is the winning pay=
out for Category A winners. This is from a total cash prize of 5,000,000.=
00 Million Euros shared amongst the first Ten (10) lucky winners in this =
category. =0D
=0D
CONGRATULATIONS!=0D
=0D
Your fund is now deposited with the paying Bank.In your best interest to =
avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind, we request that you keep t=
he entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the pro=
cess of transferring your claims has been completed, and your funds remit=
ted to your account.This is part of our security protocol to avoid double=
 claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants/nonparticipants of this pr=
ogram. =0D
=0D
Please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remit=
tance of your prize money to a designated bank account of your choice. Yo=
u are advised to contact the agents by email,phone or fax. Failure to do =
so may warrant disqualification.NOTE: For easy reference and identificati=
on, remember to quote your Coupon numbers in your correspondence with you=
r claims agent.=0D
=0D
To file for your claim,please contact the fiduciary agent with your Coupo=
n numbers,tel/fax numbers and full names.=0D
***********************************************=0D
MR. KARL WINSLOW.=0D
AMSTERDAM,THE NETHERLANDS.=0D
TEL: +31-626-403-565=0D
FAX:+31-847-355-196.=0D
EMAIL:k_winslow@myway.com or karlwinslow@sify.com=0D
***********************************************=0D
All winnings must be notarized to complete the claim process; winners wil=
l be referred to a Foreign Transfer Manager,to have their winnings notari=
zed. =0D
Congratulations once again from all our staff.=0D
=0D
Sincerely Yours,=0D
=0D
MRS. VICTORIA BOLANO.=0D
THE PROMOTION COORDINATOR=0D
=0D
=0D





</p>

</body></html>