<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.MUSTAFA ALI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mustafa ali &lt;mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-08T01:21:29Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mustafa_ali02@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY7-F200044B9530CF4C7B5D44680BC0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mustafa_ali02@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="08 Jan 2007 01:21:31.0400 (UTC) FILETIME=[5414A880:01C732C3]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sun, 7 Jan 2007 17:21:31 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F200044B9530CF4C7B5D44680BC0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.MUSTAFA ALI" />
<meta name="creator" content="mustafa ali &lt;mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.MUSTAFA ALI" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mustafa ali &lt;mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-08T01:21:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-08T01:21:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="08 Jan 2007 01:21:31.0400 (UTC) FILETIME=[5414A880:01C732C3]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan  7 20:21:47 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com&gt; Sun, 7 Jan 2007 17:21:31 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mustafa ali" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.MUSTAFA ALI" />
<meta name="Author" content="mustafa ali &lt;mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3420" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mustafa ali &lt;mustafa_ali58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY7-F200044B9530CF4C7B5D44680BC0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MR.MUSTAFA ALI
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT.
INTERNATIONAL BANK OF AFRICA (IBA),
BURKINA FASO.
DIRECT TEL:00226 70 37 73 20.

DEAR FRIEND

I AM MR. MUSTAFA ALI THE DIRECTOR IN CHARGE OF AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING 
SECTION OF INTERNATIONAL BANK OF AFRICA(IBA)BURKINA FASO IN WEST AFRICA WITH 
DUE RESPECT AND REGARDS. I HAVE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU ON A BUSINESS 
TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE VERY BENEFICIAL TO BOTH OF US AT THE END OF THE 
TRANSACTION.

DURING OUR INVESTIGATION AND AUDITING IN THIS BANK, MY DEPARTMENT CAME 
ACROSS A VERY HUGE SUM OF MONEY BELONGING TO A DECEASED PERSON WHO DIED ON 
31ST OCTOBER 1999 IN A PLANE CRASH AND THE FUND HAS BEEN ORMANT IN HIS 
ACCOUNT WITH THIS BANK WITHOUT ANY CLAIM OF THE FUND IN URCUSTODY EITHER 
FROM HIS MILY OR RELATION BEFORE OUR DISCOVERY TO THIS DEVELOPMENT.

ALTHOUGH PERSONALLY, I KEEP THIS INFORMATION SECRET WITHIN MYSELF AND 
PARTNERS TO ENABLE THE WHOLE PLANS AND IDEA BE PROFITABLE AND SUCCESSFUL 
DURING THE TIME OF EXECUTION. THE SAID AMOUNT WAS U.S $21.7M (TWENTY ONE 
MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS). AS IT MAY INTEREST 
YOU TO KNOW, I GOT YOUR IMPRESSIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE BURKINA FASO 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ON FOREIGN BUSINESS RELATIONS HERE IN BURKINA FASO.

MEANWHILE ALL THE WHOLE ARRANGEMENT TO PUT CLAIM OVER THIS FUND AS THE 
BONAFIDE NEXT OF KIN TO THE DECEASED, GET THE REQUIRED APPROVAL AND TRANSFER 
THIS MONEY TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT HAS BEEN PUT IN PLACE AND DIRECTIVES AND 
NEEDED INFORMATION WILL BE RELAYED TO YOU AS SOON AS YOU INDICATE YOUR 
INTEREST AND WILLINGNESS TO ASSIST US AND ALSO BENEFIT YOUR SELF TO THIS 
GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

IN FACT I COULD HAVE DONE THIS DEAL ALONE BUT BECAUSE OF MY POSITION IN THIS 
COUNTRY AS A CIVIL SERVANT(A BANKER),WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO OPERATE A FOREIGN 
ACCOUNT AND WOULD EVENTUALLY RAISE AN EYE BROW ON MY SIDE DURING THE TIME OF 
TRANSFER BECAUSE I WORK IN THIS BANK.

THIS IS THE ACTUAL REASON WHY IT WILL REQUIRE A SECOND PARTY OR FELLOW WHO 
WILL FORWARD CLAIMS AS THE NEXT OF KIN WITH AFFIDAVIT OF TRUST OF OATH TO 
THE BANK AND ALSO PRESENT A FOREIGN ACCOUNT WHERE HE WILL NEED THE MONEY TO 
BE RE-TRANSFERRED INTO ON HIS REQUEST AS IT MAY BE AFTER DUE VERIFICATION 
AND CLARIFICATION BY THE CORRESPONDENT BRANCH OF THE BANK WHERE THE WHOLE 
MONEY WILL BE REMITTED FROM TO YOUR OWN DESIGNATED BANK ACCOUNT.

I WILL NOT FAIL TO INFORM YOU THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 100% RISK FREE. ON 
SMOOTH CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION, YOU WILL BE ENTITLED TO 30% OF THE 
TOTAL SUM AS GRATIFICATION, WHILE 5% WILL BE SET ASIDE TO TAKE CARE OF 
EXPENSES THAT MAY ARISE DURING THE TIME OF TRANSFER AND ALSO TELEPHONE 
BILLS, WHILE 65% WILL BE FOR ME. PLEASE, YOU HAVE BEEN ADVICED TO KEEP "TOP 
SECRET" AS I AM STILL IN SERVICE AND INTEND TO RETIRE FROM SERVICE AFTER WE 
CONCLUDE THIS DEAL WITH YOU.

I WILL BE MONITORING THE WHOLE SITUATION HERE IN THIS BANK UNTIL YOU CONFIRM 
THE MONEY IN YOUR ACCOUNT AND ASK ME TO COME DOWN TO YOUR COUNTRY FOR 
SUBSEQUENT SHARING OF THE FUND ACCORDING TO PERCENTAGES PREVIOUSLY INDICATED 
AND FURTHER INVESTMENT, EITHER IN YOUR COUNTRY OR ANY COUNTRY YOU ADVICE US 
TO INVEST IN. ALL OTHER NECESSARY VITAL INFORMATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU WHEN 
I HEAR FROM YOU.
PLEASE INDICATE YOUR DIRECT TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER WHEN REPLYINGTHIS 
BUSINESS PROPOSALOR CALL ME ON MY ABOVE DIRECT TELEPHONE NUMBER 
00226703773320.

IF YOU ARE NOT INTERESTED, PLEASE ALSO INDICATE SO THAT IT WILL ENABLE ME TO 
CONTACT ANOTHER FOREIGN PARTNER WITH RECOMMENDATIONS TO CARRY OUT THIS 
DEAL.A SWIFT ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF YOUR RECEIPT OF THIS MAIL WILL BE 
APPRECIATED.THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS YOU.I LOOK FORWARD TO RECEIVE YOUR 
EMAIL.


BEST REGARDS,

MR.MUSTAFA ALI

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>