<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ajken_x3@hotmail.com State the A/C Details." />
<meta name="subject" content="Happy New Year.." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Ajken udea&quot; &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt; Your duty is to send me the banking coordinates for the transfer while" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Ajken udea &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.live.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ajken_x3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-11T22:22:22Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="stephen2006@myway.com We will start with the first swift wire-transfer of US$25 million( Twenty" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY111-F547FD02CB69417BBE6705B0B10@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="stephen2006@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Happy New Year.." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="11 Jan 2007 22:22:23.0184 (UTC) FILETIME=[F74C0D00:01C735CE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 11 Jan 2007 14:22:23 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY111-F547FD02CB69417BBE6705B0B10@phx.gbl&gt; Firstly, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ajken_x3@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Ajken udea&quot; &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt; Your duty is to send me the banking coordinates for the transfer while" />
<meta name="creator" content="Ajken udea &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Ajken udea&quot; &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt; Your duty is to send me the banking coordinates for the transfer while" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Ajken udea &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-11T22:22:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 I am the personal account officer to the great late INDUSTRIALIST who had" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-11T22:22:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir/ Madam," />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="Upon your strong assurance of your full cooperations and receipt of your" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="11 Jan 2007 22:22:23.0184 (UTC) FILETIME=[F74C0D00:01C735CE]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ajken_x3@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan 11 17:22:31 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ajken_x3@hotmail.com] The credit balance in this account is USD$125 Million ( One Hundred &amp;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 11 Jan 2007 14:22:23 -0800 Forgive my contact because this letter comes to you as a surprise, as you" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Ajken udea" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Ajken udea&quot; &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt; Your duty is to send me the banking coordinates for the transfer while" />
<meta name="Author" content="Ajken udea &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3434" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Ajken udea &lt;ajken_x3@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY111-F547FD02CB69417BBE6705B0B10@phx.gbl&gt; Firstly, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction" />
<title>Happy New Year..</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn: Sir/ Madam,

  I am the personal account officer to the great late INDUSTRIALIST who had 
an account in one of the top banks here in South Africa.

  Forgive my contact because this letter comes to you as a surprise, as you 
don't know of it's coming before. My contact is for you to please assist to 
transfer US$125,000.000.00 ( One hundred &amp; twenty- five million United 
States dollars only) in tranches from a Prime Bank here in South Africa to 
any oversea's account(s). The account was opened in 1998 and he died in 2003 
without a written or oral WILL and since 2003 nobody had operated the 
account. The account is dormant and the funds floating. If I do not remit 
this money out urgently it will be forfeited to the bank.

  Firstly, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction 
because of my official position and nature of the deal. The business can be 
concluded in 10 (ten) banking days .I am sure and have confidence of your 
ability and reliability to prosecute a transaction of this great magnitude. 
The account holder was a foreigner and no other person knows about this 
account or anything concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and 
until his death he was the accountant of the company. My investigation 
through the National immigration department proved to me as well that he was 
single as at the time of his entry into the Republic of South Africa.

  The credit balance in this account is USD$125 Million ( One Hundred &amp; 
Twenty five Million United States Dollars only). Your assistance as a 
foreigner is necessary because the management of the bank will welcome any 
foreigner who has correct information on this account which I will disclose 
to you if you are interested to do this business with me.There is no risk in 
this business if you follow my instructions. Given my position and my 
personal rapport with the manager of the bank, the funds can be transferred 
to any account(s) you nominate .I need an assurance from you that this money 
will be intact pending my arrival to your bank for disbursements.

  State the A/C Details.
A/c No:............
Bank Name:........
A/c Holder:........
Beneficiary Name:...

  We will start with the first swift wire-transfer of US$25 million( Twenty 
-five million United States only) Upon successful transfer of the first 
tranch without any disappointment from your side, you shall apply for the 
outstanding sum of US $100 Million to the same or other account(s). Armed 
with correct information as a foreigner and appropriate documentations as we 
shall arrange I will use my position to secure a prompt conclusion to the 
transaction.

  Your duty is to send me the banking coordinates for the transfer while 
maintaining the required confidentiality . At the conclusion of the transfer 
you will receive 35%, 5% will be for any expenses both parties incurred in 
the process of this business and 60% of the funds will be for me.

  Upon your strong assurance of your full cooperations and receipt of your 
account details then I will start the process of the funds transfer to your 
account without further delay. Contact Me immediately for futher details.

  Thanks for your anticipated cooperations.
  Yours Faithfully,
Mr.Stephen Ajken

_________________________________________________________________
See their smiles, hear their laughter with Windows Live Messenger! 
http://messenger.live.com



</p>

</body></html>