<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="gungulap1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Treat Urgent" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Peter Gungula&quot; &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Peter Gungula &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gungulap1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-12T06:40:11Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY20-F13583D96C9D557F8AA3061EDB00@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Treat Urgent" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tell" content="+ 228 983 34 66" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="12 Jan 2007 06:40:15.0621 (UTC) FILETIME=[84A83350:01C73614]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 11 Jan 2007 22:40:15 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY20-F13583D96C9D557F8AA3061EDB00@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[gungulap1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Peter Gungula&quot; &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Peter Gungula &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Peter Gungula&quot; &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Peter Gungula &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-12T06:40:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-12T06:40:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n/b" content="Please,for security reason,you should write me further with this e-mail " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="12 Jan 2007 06:40:15.0621 (UTC) FILETIME=[84A83350:01C73614]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="gungulap1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 12 01:40:22 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[gungulap1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 11 Jan 2007 22:40:15 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Peter Gungula" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Peter Gungula&quot; &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Peter Gungula &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3435" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Peter Gungula &lt;gungulap1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY20-F13583D96C9D557F8AA3061EDB00@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Treat Urgent</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dr. Peter Gungula
Auditing and Accounting Unit
Foreign Operations Department
Union Togolaise De Banque, Lome-Togo Branch
Republic of Togo.
Phone;+228 983 34 66
Email; pgungula@yahoo.co.uk


I am Dr. Peter Gungula the Director in charge of Auditing and Accounting 
section Union Togolaise De Banque lome-togo and also Chairman of 
Investigating and Auditing Department of this Bank. With due respect and 
regard, I have decided to contact you on a Business Transaction that will be 
very beneficial to both of us and our families at the end of this 
transaction.

During our Investigation and Auditing in this Bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to one Deceased who died on 
October 24, 2004 Martinsville plane crash Aircraft type Beechcraft King Air 
200.

As the fund has been dormant in his account with this Bank without any claim 
of the fund in our custody either from his family or relation because he did 
not indicate any next of kin to this account.

The amount in the dormant account is Fourteen Million United States Dollars 
(US$14 000,000.00) .

As it may interest you to know, I got your contact from the Chamber of 
Commerce on foreign business relations here in Lome -togo though I did not 
disclose why i needed a foreign contact and only told the director on seat 
it was for retirement and investment purposes.

Meanwhile as a Senior Staff in this bank, and the Director of Auditing and 
Accounting, I have in my possession all the necessary documents to perfect 
this deal by making you the bonafide next of kin/Partner whom this money 
will be transferred into your account.

I need your assistance and co-operation to get this deal done. Because as a 
foreigner, you stand a better position to be presented through documentation 
as the next of kin/Partner since the deceased is also a foreigner, this is 
the reason why I could not do this deal alone as a staff of the bank as 
well.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On 
smooth Conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 10% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone 
bills, while 60% will be for me and my partner. Please, you have been 
advised to keep this "Top Secret" as we are still in service and intend to 
retire from service after we conclude this deal with you.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm 
the money in your bank account. And ask me to come down to your country for 
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and further investment,either in your country or any country you advice us 
to invest in.

All other necessary vital information will be sent to you when I hear from 
you. I suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish in 
this deal.

I am expecting your urgent reply as soon as you receive this message.

God bless you And your family.

Dr. Peter Gungula

Tell:+ 228 983 34 66
N/B:Please,for security reason,you should write me further with this e-mail 
account; pgungula@yahoo.co.uk

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>