<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="196.220.6.218" />
<meta name="subject" content="DR.MIKE  CHIBUZOR" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="(Recipient List Suppressed)@mail.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="&lt;dr_mikechibuzor02@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DR.MIKE  CHIBUZOR" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;45acb56d.331.a6c.9381@babbalu.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authenticated-User" content="drmc19472007@babbalu.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;45acb56d.331.a6c.9381@babbalu.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.Mike Chibuzor&quot; &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Mike Chibuzor &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-16T11:22:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-16T11:22:21Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="dr_mikechibuzor02@yahoo.com.hk[ PLEASE REPLY ME WITH" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drmc19472007@babbalu.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Greylist" content="Default is to whitelist mail, not delayed by milter-greylist-2.0.2 (mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu [130.85.34.14]); Tue, 16 Jan 2007 06:37:26 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1o, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="ceo " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 16 06:37:59 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-server" content="High Performance Mail Server - http://surgemail.com r=-823180651" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="drmc19472007@babbalu.com" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Mike Chibuzor" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.Mike Chibuzor&quot; &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Mike Chibuzor &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Quality Web Email v3.1o, http://netwinsite.com/refw.htm" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.Mike Chibuzor &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;45acb56d.331.a6c.9381@babbalu.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Server" content="High Performance Mail Server - http://surgemail.com r=-823180651" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.Mike Chibuzor&quot; &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Mike Chibuzor &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-16T11:22:21Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="(Recipient List Suppressed)@mail.UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="@mail.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-greylist" content="Default is to whitelist mail, not delayed by milter-greylist-2.0.2 (mailserver-ng.cs.umbc.edu [130.85.34.14]); Tue, 16 Jan 2007 06:37:26 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.Mike Chibuzor&quot; &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Mike Chibuzor &lt;drmc19472006@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authenticated-user" content="drmc19472007@babbalu.com " />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drmc19472007@babbalu.com&gt; above  fund,through which we can communicate with you in" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="drmc19472007@babbalu.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="196.220.6.218" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3447" />
<title>DR.MIKE  CHIBUZOR</title>
</head>
<body><p>DR.MIKE  CHIBUZOR
Executive Investigation Chairman,On Contracts Payment
Review panal Committee. 
Falomo Office Complex, 
Ikoyi-Lagos. 

E-mail:dr_mikechibuzor02@yahoo.com.hk[ PLEASE REPLY ME WITH
THIS E-MAIL ADDRESS]

Attention:ceo 

First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this
transaction; this is virtue of its nature as being utterly
confidential and top secret. 

I am the Executive Investigation Chairman Committee on
Review of Contracts Payments instituted by H.E. President
Olusegun Obasanjo to probe/review all contracts executed and
payments made during the regime of late General Sani Abacha.
I have been mandated by my colleagues on the Committee to
seek your assistance in the transfer of the sum of
US$31.5Million. 

As you may know, the late General Abacha and members of his
government embezzled billion of dollars through spurious
contracts and payments to foreigners between 1993-1998, and
this is now the subject of probe by my Committee. In the
course of our review, we have discovered the sum of
US$31.5Million,which the former dictator could not transfer
from the dedicated account of the Central Bank of Nigeria
before his sudden death on June 8, 1998. It is this amount
that my colleagues and I have decided to acquire for
ourselves through your assistance. This assistance becomes
crucial because we cannot acquire the fund in our names. 

We have thus developed a, fool proof, legal and totally risk
free arrangement through which the fund can be transferred
within a very short time, if you follow strictly our
instructions. The plan is to use our position and influence
on the Committee to present you as a foreign contractor
beneficiary of the fund. We shall arrange all documentation
to support this claim and get Approval for the transfer of
the funds for your benefit on our behalf. The arrangement is
perfected to be 100% risk free and we are sure the
transaction can be concluded within 7-10 working days from
when you agree to assist us. 

You should acknowledge the receipt of my mail through the
above Telephone and Fax numbers Or E-Mail address so we can
further discuss the modalities of your cooperation and
negotiate the charge for your kindly assistance. You were
highly recommended and You definitely have a lot to benefit
from this transaction as we are prepared to give you 30% of
the total funds as soon as you secure it in your Account. 

Please, endeavour to give me your telephone/fax
number(s)including a bank details  for  the  transfer of the
 above  fund,through which we can communicate with you in
confidence (in your response) as the need for strict
confidentiality is of essence to this transaction.

Please i want your reply from this
email:&lt;dr_mikechibuzor02@yahoo.com.hk&gt;

We await your urgent response. 

Yours Faithfully, 

DR.MIKE  CHIBUZOR.
CHIARMAN CONTRACT
REVEIW.



</p>

</body></html>