<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="VERY IMPORTANT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY IMPORTANT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200701171729.l0HHTlRX005207@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;        charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Patricia Jonas Savimbi" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS. PATRICIA SAVIMBI &lt;petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-18T03:28:51Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-18T03:28:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Office Outlook, Build 11.0.5510" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 17 12:29:49 2007" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200701171729.l0HHTlRX005207@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS. PATRICIA SAVIMBI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Patricia Jonas Savimbi" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS. PATRICIA SAVIMBI &lt;petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Office Outlook, Build 11.0.5510" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS. PATRICIA SAVIMBI &lt;petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200701171729.l0HHTlRX005207@fan.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MimeOLE" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Patricia Jonas Savimbi" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS. PATRICIA SAVIMBI &lt;petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-18T03:28:51Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;rrrrr&quot; &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Patricia Jonas Savimbi" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS. PATRICIA SAVIMBI &lt;petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 KEEP CONFIDENTIAL PLEASE." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mimeole" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir/Madam." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za&gt; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-for" content="Savimbi Family." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3451" />
<title>VERY IMPORTANT</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mrs. Patricia Jonas Savimbi
Email: petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za
+27-724340319
                                   KEEP CONFIDENTIAL PLEASE.
Attn: Sir/Madam.
This letter may come to you as a surprise but I really prayed to God to
help me choose somebody that will be my true partner, a person who has
a fear of God that cannot betray my remaining family and me as I don't
even know whom to trust so I allowed the spirit of God to lead me.
I am Mrs. Patricia Jonas Savimbi, wife to the late leader of the
National Union of the Total Liberation of Angola (UNITA) After
surviving more than a dozen assassination attempts, my husband, Savimbi
was killed four years later, in February 2002, in a battle with Angolan government
troops.
Two weeks before he died, he called me and reveals the existence of
US$16,400.000.00 (SIXTEEN Million, FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND 
United States Dollars) which he deposited as valuable items with a Finance and Security Company in South Africa.
This money was income my late husband accumulate from the sale of Gold
&amp; Diamond with top member's of the National Union of the Total Liberation
of Angola.
When I heard the bad news of my husband's death, his trusted aid moved
me and members of our family out on hiding, but unfornately my elder
son and myself were caught and place under house arrest. Luckily to us, my
second son has escaped to South Africa through the border where he
reside as a political refugee.
So my reason of contacting you is because of the problem which my son
is facing in trying to transfer the money, the labour law of South Africa
does not permit an asylum seeker (Refugee) the right to financial
transaction.
This was the basic reason why I decide to contact you, so that you will
stand as the beneficiary of the fund. If we agree on this, then the
ownership of the consignment/funds and every documents will
automatically be changed to your name.
We are offering you 30% of the total money, as a commission for your
services, while 70% goes to my family, which we intend to invest
immediately we are being released from house arrest.
I am assuring you that this transaction is risk free, all we need from
you is your co-operation and sincerity of purpose.
You will be contacting my son Peter Savimbi on Email:
petersavimbi7@webmail.co.za  for more  details on how to conclude this
transaction.
I will wait for your response through my son, thank you and God bless.
In your email to my son Peter, kindly forward to him the following as
it will be used during the process of change of ownership:
1 You're Full Name
2.You're Contact (Home) Address
3.Your Telephone Moble/Home,and Fax number
4.You can also call my son on his phone number in South Africa +27
724340319.
Thanks and may the almighty father guide us through.
Thank you.
Mrs. Patricia Jonas Savimbi
For: Savimbi Family.
ALTERNATIVE EMAIL: petersavimbi5@webmail.co.za


</p>

</body></html>