<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Ms.Aminata B.Kabila&quot; &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Ms.Aminata B.Kabila &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ami_kabila@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ami_kabila@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ami_kabila@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Ms.Aminata B.Kabila&quot; &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Ms.Aminata B.Kabila &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Ms.Aminata B.Kabila&quot; &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Ms.Aminata B.Kabila &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;anonymous@h12.pop.rcts.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 24 20:02:15 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;anonymous@h12.pop.rcts.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Ms.Aminata B.Kabila" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Ms.Aminata B.Kabila&quot; &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Ms.Aminata B.Kabila &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3463" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Ms.Aminata B.Kabila &lt;ami_kabila@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Good day
 
I know this mail might come to you as surprise but kindly allow me the 
opportunity of introducing myself. I am Ms. Aminata Bobi Kabila; 
daughter of  the former head of state/president of Congo-Kinshasa 
(former 
Zaire), Mr. Laurent Desire Kabila. 
I got your particulars through the South African Chamber of Commerce; 
However, i am contacting you in order to ask for your assistance on 
this 
confidential business proposal with full financial benefit for both my 
family and you.
 
Before i go into further details, please be informed that i am writing 
without any other perso(s) pre-knowledge of my contacting you on this 
transaction. Therefore i will appreciate same attitude to be maintained 
all through. I have the sum of USD8.5 Million from a secret sale of 
Diamond by my father before he was assassinated by one of his body 
guards 
(Rashid) on January 16th 2001. The essence of this mail is to ask you 
to stand as my foreign partner and receive the fund on my behalf as i 
can not do much on my own due to security reasons, my narration below 
will explain better. Before i continue, be well informed that your 
share 
in this transaction has been calculated at 30% of the total sum, 5% for 
expenses that may be incurred if any and the rest for my family and me.
 
My father as an African traditionalist was a polygamist thereby having 
married so many wives, and my mother being the second wife of my 
father, my step-brother Joseph, who is the current president of my 
country, 
is the son of the first wife and he does not have any knowledge about 
this deal.
 
Already president Joseph is using his power to colonise all the money 
and private property which our father left behind for the whole family. 
Now my mother, myself and my younger brother are left with nothing in 
the inheritance of my late father’s wealth. Our situation is seriously 
critical that we need your assistance to help us receive this fund for 
relocation overseas and for proper investment jointly between we and 
you. Let me quickly assure you the 100% safe proof of this transaction 
because the diamond sales are packaged from the onset in a pattern that 
shows no direct trace or linkage with us (Kabila family). At present 
the 
money is in cash and is secured in a security company as family 
treasures.
I am waiting for your quick and favourable response, and in case you 
have any question(s), do not hesitate to contact me urgently.
 
Thanks,
 
Ms. Aminata B. Kabila.








</p>

</body></html>