<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="YOUR URGENT ASISTANCE IS NEEDED(PLEASE)." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;gambo abudul&quot; &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="gambo abudul &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-28T11:11:01Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="gambo_abudul2@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY117-F3890AB2EC19790E5B97294A8A00@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="gambo_abudul2@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="YOUR URGENT ASISTANCE IS NEEDED(PLEASE)." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="28 Jan 2007 11:11:04.0507 (UTC) FILETIME=[005B70B0:01C742CD]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sun, 28 Jan 2007 03:11:04 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY117-F3890AB2EC19790E5B97294A8A00@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;gambo abudul&quot; &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="gambo abudul &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;gambo abudul&quot; &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="gambo abudul &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-28T11:11:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 YOUR :" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-28T11:11:01Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n" content="B PLEASE YOU ARE ADVICE TO RESPONSE TO THE BOTH CONTACT BELOW/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="28 Jan 2007 11:11:04.0507 (UTC) FILETIME=[005B70B0:01C742CD]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan 28 06:11:15 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-city" content="STATE:ZIP CODE COUNTRY: OCCUPATION AND SO THAT ALL THE NECESSARY " />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt; Sun, 28 Jan 2007 03:11:04 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="gambo abudul" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;gambo abudul&quot; &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="gambo abudul &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3470" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="gambo abudul &lt;gambo_abudula4@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY117-F3890AB2EC19790E5B97294A8A00@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>YOUR URGENT ASISTANCE IS NEEDED(PLEASE).</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MY DESK,DR Gambo Abudul
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB).
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO.
WEST AFRICA.

TRANSFER OF ($ 10,5) TEN. FIVE MILLION,
DOLLARS.

I AM DR GAmbo Abudul, THE AUDITOR GENERAL OF AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO. DURING THE COURSE OF OUR AUDITING, I DISCOVERED A 
FLOATING FUND IN AN ACCOUNT OPENED IN THE BANK BY MR EDWARD RIAD AND AFTER 
GOING THROUGH SOME OLD FILES IN THE RECORDS I DISCOVERED THAT THE OWNER OF 
THE ACCOUNT DIED IN  THE (BEIRUT-BOUND CHARTER JET) PLANE CRASH ON THE 26TH 
DECEMBER 2003 IN COTONOU (REPUBLIC OF BENIN).

HERE IS THE (http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash ).

AND NOBODY HAS OPERATED ON THIS ACCOUNT AGAIN,THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS 
MR EDWARD RIAD A FOREIGNER FROM LEBANON, AND ALSO A TRADER WHOM TRADE ON 
GOLD AND MINING, HE DIED, SINCE 2003 AND NO OTHER PERSON KNOWS ABOUT THIS 
ACCOUNT OR ANYTHING CONCERNING IT, THE ACCOUNT HAS NO OTHER BENEFICIARY AND 
MY INVESTIGATION PROVED TO ME AS WELL THAT MR EDWARD RIAD DIED ALONG WITH 
HIS ENTIRE FAMILY.

THE AMOUNT INVOLVED IS (USD 10.5 M) TEN.FIVE MILLION,  UNITED STATES DOLLARS 
ONLY, I AM  CONTACTING YOU AS A CONTERPART FOREIGNER NOT IN BURKINA FASO 
HERE,I BELIEVE YOU WILL ASSIT THIS TRANSACTION, BECAUSE THIS MONEY CAN NOT 
BE APPROVED TO A LOCAL PERSON HERE BURKINA FASO, BUT THE FUND CAN ONLY BE 
APPROVED TO ANY LEGITMATE FOREIGN NEXT OF KIN WITH VALID INTERNATIONAL 
PASSPORT OR DRIVERS LICENSE AND FOREIGN ACCOUNT, BECAUSE THE MONEY IS IN 
UNITED STATE DOLLARS AND THE FORMER OWNER OF THE ACCOUNT MR EDWARD RIAD IS A 
FOREIGNER FROM LEBANON TOO, AND THIS MONEY CAN ONLY BE APPROVED INTO A 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT, HAS THE BASIC STATUS OF THE DEPOSITED FUND.

MY DEAR FRIEND, PLEASE I WILL NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE TO GET THIS MONEY OUT OF 
OUR BANK POSSESION BEFORE THE TIME IT REACHES DEMORRAGE AND IT GET 
CONFISTICATED BY OUR BANK .
I NEED URGENT SUPPORT AND YOUR STRONG ASSURANCE THAT YOU WILL ASSIST AND 
NEVER,EVER CHEAT ME AS SOON AS THIS FUND REMMITS INTO YOUR ACCOUNT.

WITH MY INFLUENCE AND MY POSITION IN THE BANK AS THE AUDITOR GENERAL, OF 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK OUAGADOUGOU,BURKINA FASO.

WITHIN THE RULE OF THE BANKING FORMALITY, I ASSURE YOU THAT OUR A.D.B.BANK 
WILL TRANSFER THIS MONEY TO ANY FOREIGN OR ANY FOREIGNER'S RELIABLE ACCOUNT 
WHICH MUST BE PROVIDED AND PROVED.
WHICH I WOULD LIKE YOU TO PROVIDE FOR THE FINAL REMMITTANCE FURNISHMENT OF 
THE MONEY TRANSFER OUT OF OUR BANK INTO YOUR NOMINATED ACCOUNT.

AFTER THE COMPLEMENT VERIFICATION BY THE A.D.B.BANK OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA 
FASO, WHICH I MYSELF HAS BEEN GOING THROUGH EVER BEFORE I HAVE TO CONTACT 
YOU,HAS REACHED CONCLUSION, THE TRANSFER OF ($ 10,5) TEN. FIVE MILLION,  
DOLLARS WILL BE REMMITTED INTO YOUR NOMINATED ACCOUNT IN YOUR COUNTRY WHICH 
AFTER I WILL JOIN YOU IN YOUR COUNTRY.

I WILL PROVIDE ALL DOCUMENTS OF THE BANK OFFICIAL(S) AND OF THE TRANSACTION 
IMMEDIATELY FOR YOU TO RECEIVE THIS FUND AND  LEAVING NO TRACE TO ANYONE, 
PLACE OR WHATSOEVER AND FOR YOU TO BUILD A RELIABLE CONFIDENCE IN THIS 
TRANSACTION.

I WANT YOU TO ASSURE ME, THAT THIS MONEY WILL BE INTACT, PENDING MY PHYSICAL 
ARRIVAL IN YOUR COUNTRY FOR THE FUND SHARING.

ON THE CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION AS A PARTNER IN BUSINESS YOU WILL BE 
ENTITLED TO 40% OF THE TOTAL SUM AS GRATIFICATION, WHILE 10% WILL BE SET 
ASIDE TO TAKE CARE OF THE EXPENSES THAT WILL ARISE DURING THE TIME OF 
VERIFICATION AND TRANSFER AND ALSO TELEPHONE BILLS, WHILE 50% WILL BE FOR 
ME.

THE MOST IMPORTANT INDICATION MY BELOVED FRIEND,I WOULD PLEAD THAT YOU MAKE 
THIS BUISNESS THE UPMOST SECRET,BECAUSE MY JOB IS AT STAKE IF I SHOULD BE 
DETECTED WITHIN THE BANK PREMISES THAT I AM INVOLVED,SO I WILL LIKE TO MAKE 
IT A SECRET AND PEACEFUL TRANSACTION.PLEASE COULD YOU ALSO ASSURE ME OF THE 
SECRECY.BECAUSE THIS TRANSACTION MEANS A LOT TO ME AND MY LIFE.IF YOU CAN 
PLEASE UNDERSTAND!

SO ON THE INDICATION OF YOUR WILLINGNESS TO ASSIST AND JOIN ME IN THIS 
BUSINESS TO ARCHIVE THIS GREAT OPPURTUNITY,I WOULD WANT YOU TO FORWARD TO ME 
  YOUR :

FULL NAME: SEX: COMPANY: IF ANY FULL CONTACT ADDRESS: PHONE: CELL: FAX: 
CITY: STATE:ZIP CODE COUNTRY: OCCUPATION AND SO THAT ALL THE NECESSARY 
INFORMATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU ON THE ACCEPTANCE TO CHAMPION AND ARCHIVE 
THIS TRANSACTION WITH ME.

N:B PLEASE YOU ARE ADVICE TO RESPONSE TO THE BOTH CONTACT BELOW/

HERE IS MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADDRESS : gambo_abudul2@myway.com


THANKS,

SINCERELY YOURS ,

DR Gambo Abudul.

_________________________________________________________________
Testez Windows Live Mail Beta ! http://www.ideas.live.com/



</p>

</body></html>