<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gARCgmj16247" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS TRUSTEE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR FRED OBI.&quot; &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR FRED OBI. &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="fredobi3@omaninfo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-11-27T12:45:46Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M, jlawler@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="fredobi3@omaninfo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gARCgmj16247" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="fredobi3@omaninfo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS TRUSTEE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200211271242.gARCfaU20345@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR FRED OBI.&quot; &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR FRED OBI. &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR FRED OBI.&quot; &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR FRED OBI. &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-11-27T12:45:46Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-11-27T12:45:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="R@M, jlawler@UM" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="jlawler@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;	by spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id gARCfaU20345; Wed, 27 Nov 2002 07:42:01 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="President\CEO." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov 27 07:42:50 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt; by spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with SMTP id gARCfaU20345; Wed, 27 Nov 2002 07:42:01 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200211271242.gARCfaU20345@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR FRED OBI." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR FRED OBI.&quot; &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR FRED OBI. &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-35" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR FRED OBI. &lt;fredobi3@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200211271242.gARCfaU20345@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS TRUSTEE</title>
</head>
<body><p>TRANSFER OF USD$22MILLION INTO YOUR ACCOUNT}

ATTENTION: President\CEO.

I, on behalf of my other colleagues from different
organs of Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN) owned
parastatals decided to solicit your assistance as
regards transfer of the above-mentioned amount into
your bank account.  This fund accrued from over
invoicing of various contract awarded in my parastatal
to certain Foreign Contractors sometimes ago.

We, as holders of sensitive position in our various
parastatals, were mandated by the Federal Government
to Scrutinise all payments made to certain foreign
Contractors and we discovered that some of the
contracts they executed were grossly over-invoiced
either by omission or commission.  In the process the
sum of US$27M (Twenty Seven Million US Dollars only)
was found lying in the parastatal suspense account
after the foreign contractors had been paid their
rightful dues for executing the said contracts.

We all agreed that this over-invoiced amount be
transferred (for our own use) into a bank account
provided by a foreign partner, because we are
government workers and the Code of Conduct does not
allow us to operate foreign accounts.

However, we have succeeded in transferring some of
this money precisely US$5.0M (Five Million US Dollars
only) into a foreign account in MOROCCO (North
Africa), but the provider of the account in MOROCCO is
up to some mischief and refuses to comply to the
earlier mutual agreement by insisting that the total
amount be paid into his nominated bank account before
disbursement will take effect.  If for a meagre sum of
US$5.0M (Five Million US Dollars only) we are not
compensated, is it when the balance of US$22M
(Twenty-two Million US Dollars)is transferred that we
will be sure of our full compensation? Of course, this
abuse of trust and inhumanity calls for sober
reflection and search for absolute trust.

Thus we are seeking your unwavering assistance that
the remaining amount of US$22M can be speedily
processed and fully remitted into your nominated bank
account.  On successful remittance of the fund into
your account, you will be compensated with 30% of the
amount for your assistance and services.

So far, much have been said and due to our sensitive
positions, we cannot afford a slip in this transaction
neither can we give out identity as regards our
respective offices, but whereby cordial relationship
is established, smooth operations commences, you will
be furnished with details of all you deserves to know.

I am at your disposition to entertain any question
from you with respect to this transaction, so contact
me immediately through my e:mail for further
information on the requirements and procedure for this
transaction.

Please, treat with the strictest confidentiality and
utmost urgency.

Yours faithfully,

MR FRED OBI.


</p>

</body></html>