<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="samibrahim5@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;sam ibrahim5&quot; &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="sam ibrahim5 &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//NEWS.BBC.CO.UK/1/HI/WORLD/EUROPE/859479.STM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="samibrahim5@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-01-31T12:09:15Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ibrahim2006sami@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY110-F24B05E81A9491DC8553DF484A50@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ibrahim2006sami@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="31 Jan 2007 12:09:19.0787 (UTC) FILETIME=[A2F217B0:01C74530]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 31 Jan 2007 04:09:19 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY110-F24B05E81A9491DC8553DF484A50@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[samibrahim5@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;sam ibrahim5&quot; &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="sam ibrahim5 &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;sam ibrahim5&quot; &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="sam ibrahim5 &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-01-31T12:09:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 DR.SAMI IBRAHIM," />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-01-31T12:09:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="31 Jan 2007 12:09:19.0787 (UTC) FILETIME=[A2F217B0:01C74530]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="samibrahim5@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 31 07:09:30 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[samibrahim5@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt; Wed, 31 Jan 2007 04:09:19 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="sam ibrahim5" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;sam ibrahim5&quot; &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="sam ibrahim5 &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3481" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="sam ibrahim5 &lt;samibrahim5@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY110-F24B05E81A9491DC8553DF484A50@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED </title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR FRIEND,

I MAKE THIS APPEAL WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT ANY FACTS OR OPINION
EXPRESSED BY ME ARE GIVING IN CONAFIDENCE AND SOLELY FOR YOUR
PERSONAL NFORMATION AND USE.

I AM  DR. SAMI IBRAHIM ,THE MANAGER OF BILL AND EXCHANGE AT THE FOREIGN
REMITTANCE DEPARTMENT OF MY BANK.

BEFORE I WROTE YOU, I  PRAYED THAT YOU WILL BE A HONEST AND RELIABLE
PERSON WHOM I CAN WORK WITH TO ACHIEVE THIS DEAL OF OUR LIFE.FROM MY
SECTION
IN THE BANK,

I DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF SIX MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND
UNITED
STATES DOLLARS ($6.8M) WITH ACCOUNT NUMBER 14-2558-5976 THAT BELONGS TO
ONE
OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMERS WHO DIED ALONG WITH HIS WIFE AND ONLY DAUGHTER
IN A
PLANE CRASH OF ALASKA AIRLINES FLIGHT NUMBER 261 WHICH CRASHED ON
MONDAY, 31
JULY, 2000, 13:22 GMT 14:22 UK. WITH THE WHOLE PASSENGERS ABOARD.


THE NAME OF THE DECEASED MAN WAS (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER FROM
MUNICH,GERMANY). N.B.YOU SHALL READ MORE ABOUT THE CRASH ON VISITING
THIS (WEBSITE) BEFORE YOU START WITH ME. BELOW IS THE WEBSITE.

HTTP://NEWS.BBC.CO.UK/1/HI/WORLD/EUROPE/859479.STM

IT IS THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT I NOW DECIDED TO MAKE THIS
BUSINESS PROPOSAL TO YOU AND FOR OUR BANK TO RELEASE THE MONEY TO
YOU. YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTION WHICH I WILL BE SEND TO YOU AS
THE
NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND SUBSEQUENT
DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT AND I DON'T WANT THIS MONEY
TO GO
INTO OUR BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED BILL.


THE BANKING LAW AND GUIDELINES HERE STIPULATES THAT IF SUCH MONEY
REMAINED UNCLAIMED AFTER SIX YEARS, THE MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERED INTO
THE
BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED FUND. THE MONEY HAS NOW STAYED MORE THAN SIX
YEARS AND I AM PREPARING DOCUMENTAION TO PROVE THAT THIS MONEY HAS BEEN
TRANSFERED TO OUR BANK TREASURY. IT WILL BE BETWEEN ME AND YOU ONLY
THAT
WILL KNOW THAT THE MONEY IS NOT TRANSFERED INTO OUR TREASURE.


THIS REQUEST OF FOREIGNER AS NEXT OF KIN IN THIS TRANSACTION IS
OCCASIONED BY THE FACT THAT THE CUSTOMER WAS A FOREIGNER AND A
BURKINABÉ
CANNOT STAND AS NEXT OF KIN TO A FOREIGNER.IN APPRECIATION OF YOUR
ASSISTANCE, I AM OFFERING YOU 35% OF THE TOTAL SUM. 5% FOR
CONTINGENCIES
(COST OF TRANSFER/OTHER CHARGES) LIKELY TO BE INCURRED DURING THE
COURSE OF
TRANSACTION, WHILE THE REMAINING 60% IS FOR ME.UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR
REPLY.I
WILL SEND TO YOU BY FAX OR EMAIL THE TEXT OF THE APPLICATION WHICH YOU
WILL
COMPLETE AND FORWARD TO OUR BANK ASKING FOR THIS MONEY TO BE PAID TO
YOU AS
THE NEXT OF KIN TO MR;ANDREAS SCHRANNER.


PLEASE I WOULD LIKE YOU TO KNOW THE FOLLOWING INFORMATIONS.(1.) THIS
BUSINESS IS HUNDRED PERCENT FREE FROM RISK.(2.)YOU WILL NOT FACE ANY
MUCH QUESTIONS BECAUSE THE APPLICATION WILL BEAR THE BRIEF
INFORMATION OF THE DECEASED WHICH THE BANK MAY LIKE TO KNOW.(3.) IF YOU
WILL
FOLLOW MY NSTRUCTIONS AND DIRECTIVES,THIS TRANSACTION WILL BE COMPLETED
WITHIN A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME.(4.)YOU SHOULD KEEP THIS BUSINESS
CONFIDENTIAL
OR SECRET UNTIL THE FUND GET TRANSFERED INTO YOUR ACCOUNT FOR SAFETY
AND
SECURITY PURPOSE.


FINALLY,CONTACT ME THROUGH MY EMAIL ADDRESS SO THAT WE WILL PROCEED
WITH THIS BUSINESS IMMEDIATELY.

MY REGARDS TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.


YOURS FAITHFULLY,
  DR.SAMI IBRAHIM,

_________________________________________________________________
Gagnez des pc Windows Vista avec Live.com http://www.image-addict.fr/



</p>

</body></html>