<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Please Help Me (Dear)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Saees Ahmed&quot; &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Saees Ahmed &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-02-06T01:50:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="saeedahmed631@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="saeedahmed631@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.4" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;49096.81.199.172.178.1170726610.squirrel@webmail.telkomsa.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Please Help Me (Dear)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="saeedahmed631@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.4" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3          by O (qmail-ldap-1.03) with SMTP          for &lt;pwhybrow_2000@yahoo.com&gt;; 6 Feb 2007 01:48:26 -0000        Tue, 6 Feb 2007 03:50:10 +0200 (SAST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;49096.81.199.172.178.1170726610.squirrel@webmail.telkomsa.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Saees Ahmed&quot; &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Saees Ahmed &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Saees Ahmed&quot; &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Saees Ahmed &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-02-06T01:50:10Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 for &lt;pwhybrow_2000@yahoo.com&gt;; 6 Feb 2007 01:48:26 -0000" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-02-06T01:50:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb  5 20:48:46 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt; by O (qmail-ldap-1.03) with SMTP Tue, 6 Feb 2007 03:50:10 +0200 (SAST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Saees Ahmed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Saees Ahmed&quot; &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Saees Ahmed &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3491" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Saees Ahmed &lt;saeedahmed631@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;49096.81.199.172.178.1170726610.squirrel@webmail.telkomsa.net&gt;" />
<title>Please Help Me (Dear)</title>
</head>
<body><p>


Dear Friend,

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I
believe everyone will die someday,and am contacting you because i really
do need your help,and i want you to help me with all your effort and time
for just seven to fourteen workings days of your time.I want you to be
honest and truth full with me that you will help me with my last wish as a
dying man.

My name is Saeed Ahmed a merchant in Dubai, in the U.A.E. I have been
diagnosed with Esophageal cancer.It has defiled all forms of medical
treatment, and right now I have only about a few months to live,according
to medical experts.

I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for
anyone(not even myself)but my business. Though I am very rich, I was
never generous,I was always hostile to people and only focused on my
business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this
as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make
all the money in the world.

I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would
live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has
called me, I have willed and given most of my property and assets to my
immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided to
give also to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the
last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some
charity organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my
health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore.

I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and
distribute the money which I have there to charity organization in
Bulgaria and Pakistan,they refused and kept the money to themselves.
Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with
what I have left for them.

The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of
Eighteen Million Dollars $18,000,000,00 in side two boxes that I have
with a Finance/Security Company Abroad. I will want you to Act as my
Beneficiary who will help me contact the security finance company on my
behalf to discuss the terms and condition of getting this deposit out from
thier custody and also helping me to dispatch it to the charity
organisations.

Reply to this email with your full names,contact address,tel number and
fax to enable me ask my doctors lawyer to arrange for you a power of
attorney that will give you full legal backing as my beneficiary.

I have set aside 30% for you and for your time.

Please kindly reply to my most confidential email if you are really
interested in helping me please:

saeedahmed631@yahoo.com

oo.comGod be with you.

Saeed Ahmed



</p>

</body></html>