<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="letter from smith" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-02-06T23:11:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.0.3)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20070206231151.z8uc8mnjmsggcokw@pop.freeola.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="letter from smith" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.0.3)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	[82.128.3.204]) by pop.freeola.net (Horde MIME library) with HTTP for	&lt;sr0584627-003@pop.freeola.net&gt;; Tue, 06 Feb 2007 23:11:51 +0000" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070206231151.z8uc8mnjmsggcokw@pop.freeola.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="creator" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-02-06T23:11:51Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 &lt;sr0584627-003@pop.freeola.net&gt;; Tue, 06 Feb 2007 23:11:51 +0000" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-02-06T23:11:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tonysmith@freeola.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb  6 18:02:35 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tonysmith@freeola.net&gt; [82.128.3.204]) by pop.freeola.net (Horde MIME library) with HTTP for charset=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="Author" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3492" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="tonysmith@freeola.net" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070206231151.z8uc8mnjmsggcokw@pop.freeola.net&gt;" />
<title>letter from smith</title>
</head>
<body><p>Direct and private cell number +447024075280
Direct and private Telephone + 448714749902
Direct and private fax number + 448701310683
Dear Friend,

I am Mr. T. smith, deputy senior regional manager at Lloyds TSB
Commercial Finance in Yorkshire. I have urgent and very confidential business
proposition for you. On June 6, 2000, Mr. Barry Kelly made a numbered time
(Fixed) Deposit  for forty-eight months, (being four years) valued at
US$40,000,000.00,
(forty Million, Dollars) in my branch.

Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address
but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we
discovered from his employers, that Mr. Barry Kelly died from tsunami on his
holidays in Thailand 26 December 2004. On further investigation, I found out
that he died without making a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin
was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.
Barry
Kelly did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents,
including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of
US$40,000,000 has carefully been moved out of my bank to a security company for
Safekeeping .No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to British
Law, at
the expiration of (three) years, the money will revert to the ownership of
the British Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you to stand in as the
owner  of the money I deposited it in a security company in two trunk boxes
though  the security company does not know the contents of the boxes as I
tagged them to be photographic materials for export. I am writing you because
I as a public servant (Manager with the bank), I cannot operate a foreign
account or have an account that is more than $1m.
I want to present you as the owner of the boxes in the security company
so you can be able to claim them with the help of my attorney. This is
simple. I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so
that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in
place as the as the owner of the boxes.

The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me
and 30% for you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address
upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction.
Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall
require your assistance to invest my share in (Buying of properties like
houses, hotels and doing charity works etc)
Please do send me your private/mobile telephone fax number so that we
can have a smooth communication.
Awaiting your urgent reply ONLY via my email( ttss7520062006@mixmail.com )

Thanks and regards.

TONY SMITH








</p>

</body></html>