<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ai_hmed8@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Mrs Aicha Ahmed, TREAT VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL. CALL ME 0022676743842. " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Madam Aicha Ahmed&quot; &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Madam Aicha Ahmed &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="0022676743842." />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ai_hmed8@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-02-07T10:56:15Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mrs_aicha@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY122-F1244BDA512280AF282A885A49E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mrs_aicha@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mrs Aicha Ahmed, TREAT VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL. CALL ME 0022676743842. " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="07 Feb 2007 10:56:18.0042 (UTC) FILETIME=[981D1DA0:01C74AA6]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 7 Feb 2007 02:56:18 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY122-F1244BDA512280AF282A885A49E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ai_hmed8@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Madam Aicha Ahmed&quot; &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Madam Aicha Ahmed &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Madam Aicha Ahmed&quot; &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Madam Aicha Ahmed &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-02-07T10:56:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-02-07T10:56:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n/b" content="CALL ME AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS MAIL OR" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="07 Feb 2007 10:56:18.0042 (UTC) FILETIME=[981D1DA0:01C74AA6]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ai_hmed8@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb  7 05:56:24 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ai_hmed8@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 7 Feb 2007 02:56:18 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Madam Aicha Ahmed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Madam Aicha Ahmed&quot; &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Madam Aicha Ahmed &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3494" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Madam Aicha Ahmed &lt;ai_hmed8@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY122-F1244BDA512280AF282A885A49E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Mrs Aicha Ahmed, TREAT VERY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL. CALL ME 0022676743842. </title>
</head>
<body><p>My Dear,

I am Mrs Aicha Ahmed, the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign 
remittance department Bank Of Africa.

In my department we discoveredan abandoned sum of US$14.5M (fourteen million 
five hundred thousand US dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our 
foreign customer who died along with his family in the 2003 in a plane 
crash.

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of 
kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless 
some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as 
indicated in our banking guide lines and laws but unfortunately we learnt
that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the 
plane crash leaving nobody behindfor the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make this business 
proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation 
to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is 
coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the bank
treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after four years, the money will be transferred into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by 
the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkina cannot stand as 
next of kin to a foreigner.

I agree that 45% of this money will be for you as respect to the provision 
of a foreign account , 5% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the 
business and 50% be for me.

Thereafter, I will visit your country fordisbursement according to the 
percentage indicated. Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this 
fund to you as arranged, you must apply
first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased indicating your 
bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone and fax number 
for easy and effective communication and location where the money will be 
transfer.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of 
the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this 
transaction is hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear 
as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.

You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this mail,Trusting 
to hear from you immediately.

Yours faithfully.

Mrs Aicha Ahmed.

N/B: CALL ME AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS MAIL OR
EMAIL Me.
TEL:0022676743842.

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : discutez en direct avec vos amis ! 
http://www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>