<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="lami.kl@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content=" ASSISTANCE PLEASE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Lami Kallon" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="LAMI KALLON &lt;lami.kl@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.msn.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lami.kl@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-02-14T15:55:59Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="lami_kallon@gazeta.pl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY119-F7BF5823DDC2F72F5AFD75EF970@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="lami_kallon@gazeta.pl" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" ASSISTANCE PLEASE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Feb 2007 15:56:00.0567 (UTC) FILETIME=[9F6CEC70:01C75050]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 14 Feb 2007 07:56:00 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY119-F7BF5823DDC2F72F5AFD75EF970@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[lami.kl@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Lami Kallon" />
<meta name="creator" content="LAMI KALLON &lt;lami.kl@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Lami Kallon" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="LAMI KALLON &lt;lami.kl@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-02-14T15:55:59Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-02-14T15:55:59Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lami.kl@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Feb 2007 15:56:00.0567 (UTC) FILETIME=[9F6CEC70:01C75050]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="lami.kl@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 14 10:56:13 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[lami.kl@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lami.kl@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 14 Feb 2007 07:56:00 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="LAMI KALLON" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Lami Kallon" />
<meta name="Author" content="LAMI KALLON &lt;lami.kl@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3508" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="LAMI KALLON &lt;lami.kl@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY119-F7BF5823DDC2F72F5AFD75EF970@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title> ASSISTANCE PLEASE</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mr Lami Kallon

Investment assistance in your country.

Attn Pls,

How are you and the daily activities including your family? I hope everybody 
is fine.

Before I proceed, may I humbly introduce myself to your good self, I am Mr 
Lami Kallon a citizen of sierra Leone in west Africa and son of the late 
minister of works who was killed as a result of the notable role he played 
during the current civil war going on in my country Sierra Leone.

I got your contact through a reliable source regarding your trust 
worthyness, as such; I decided to ask for your assistance in this 
transaction that will remain secret and confidential at this stage.

Before the death of my father, while he was on sick bed he confided in me 
and revealed to me about the money he deposited in a Security Company in 
Ghana; the sum of $25 million (Twenty five million USD) in the certificate 
of deposit I was made the next of kin.

But since his death I am living in Accra, Ghana as a refugee.

My late father earlier instructed me not to invest the money in Africa as a 
whole because of the unstable political and economic situation in Africa 
that I should look for trusted foreigner to be my foreign partner and 
beneficiary so that the fund will be invested in his/her country.

I want you to stand as my foreign partner so that both of us can invest the 
fund together in your country.

Please send me your private phone and fax number, as soon as you receive 
this mail, this will enable me send you the document relating to the deposit 
and the modality on how the fund will be transfer to you in your country.

For your assistance you will be entitling to 10% of the total amount, while 
5% will be set aside for all the expense you incurred during the process of 
the transaction.

As soon as this is done, you have to prepare for concrete arrangement that 
will enable me join you in your country for the investment.

Try as much as possible to keep this transaction secret and confidential at 
this stage.

Thanks in anticipation for your kindly assistance.

This is the number you will use to reach me.+233 27 619 8662

Best regard,

Mr Kallon

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.com/



</p>

</body></html>