<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDANT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&lt;johnodriscoll2000@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="johnodriscoll2000@walla.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-02-20T10:40:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="johnodriscoll2000@walla.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="johnodriscoll@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-ClientAddr" content="127.0.0.1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="johnodriscoll@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDANT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="johnodriscoll@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-freefalcon-MailScanner-Information" content="Please contact the ISP for more information" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200702201040.l1KAeDVi022554@dedicated.freefalcon.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&lt;johnodriscoll2000@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="johnodriscoll2000@walla.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&lt;johnodriscoll2000@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="johnodriscoll2000@walla.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-02-20T10:40:13Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 cessary information that can be used to back up any Claim we may make." />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-02-20T10:40:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-clientaddr" content="127.0.0.1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;apache@dedicated.freefalcon.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-freefalcon-mailscanner" content="Found to be clean" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-freefalcon-mailscanner-information" content="Please contact the ISP for more information" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-freefalcon-MailScanner" content="Found to be clean" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 20 05:43:06 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;apache@dedicated.freefalcon.com&gt; Which I monitored the payment as his attorney, has been bought and paid for. Now the money paid was deposited into his account. I have contacted you to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by his bank. Particularly, the bank has issued me a notice to provide any of his next of kin or have the account confiscated within a short time. My late client has an account valued at 15.5 million dollars. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for some time now, and with the bank giving me  deadline, I now seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased, so that the proceeds of this account valued at 15.5 million dollars can be paid to you and then you, and I can share the money. 50% to me amounting to  7,750,000.00 dollars and 40% for you amounting to US$6,200.000.00 and 10% amounting to US$1,550,000.00 for miscellaneous expenses that might arise. I have all ne!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200702201040.l1KAeDVi022554@dedicated.freefalcon.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&lt;johnodriscoll2000@walla.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="johnodriscoll2000@walla.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3511" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="johnodriscoll2000@walla.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200702201040.l1KAeDVi022554@dedicated.freefalcon.com&gt;" />
<title>CONFIDANT</title>
</head>
<body><p>WARNERS SOLICITORS.
16 South Park, Sevenoaks
Kent TN13 1AN,
United Kingdom.

EMAIL:johnodriscoll@katamail.com

Dear Friend,


I write to seek your cooperation as my foreign partner and your assistance to enable me to own properties and invest in the stable economy of your country. I apologize if this mail message does not  suit your personal or business ethics. My names are JOHN ODRISCOLL an attorney to a deceased Immigrant property magnate who was based in the U.K., Also referred to as my client.   On the 25th of July 2000, my client, his wife and their two Children died in the Air France concord plane crash bound for New York in their plan for a world cruise, Since then, I have been managing his properties here in the U.K. and some of his properties, which he put out for sale.

 Which I monitored the payment as his attorney, has been bought and paid for. Now the money paid was deposited into his account. I have contacted you to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by his bank. Particularly, the bank has issued me a notice to provide any of his next of kin or have the account confiscated within a short time. My late client has an account valued at 15.5 million dollars. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for some time now, and with the bank giving me  deadline, I now seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased, so that the proceeds of this account valued at 15.5 million dollars can be paid to you and then you, and I can share the money. 50% to me amounting to  7,750,000.00 dollars and 40% for you amounting to US$6,200.000.00 and 10% amounting to US$1,550,000.00 for miscellaneous expenses that might arise. I have all ne!
 cessary information that can be used to back up any Claim we may make. 

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under
a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Trust me, as his attorney; this is a risk-free relationship.  Send me your full names and address, telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction. A swift acknowledgement on the receipt of this mail would be appreciated.

Please reply to my official email:johnodriscoll@katamail.com


I remain obliged,

JOHN ODRISCOLL
WARNERS SOLICITORS.









</p>

</body></html>