<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE HELP ME , I'M IN JAIL - I WILL GIVE YOU BACK 2 MILION EUROS" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;service@irelandjail.com&quot; &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="service@irelandjail.com &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="service@irelandjail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE HELP ME , I'M IN JAIL - I WILL GIVE YOU BACK 2 MILION EUROS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content=" " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;service@irelandjail.com&quot; &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="service@irelandjail.com &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;service@irelandjail.com&quot; &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="service@irelandjail.com &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;irg@plank.intergenial.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 27 18:51:17 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;irg@plank.intergenial.com&gt; I WILL OFFER YOU 2 MILION EUROS FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION  I AM AWAITING STRONG RESPONSE AND WHEN GOD WILL PERMIT US TO MEET FACE TO FACE." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;service@irelandjail.com&quot; &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="service@irelandjail.com &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3525" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="service@irelandjail.com &lt;service@irelandjail.com&gt;" />
<title>PLEASE HELP ME , I'M IN JAIL - I WILL GIVE YOU BACK 2 MILION EUROS</title>
</head>
<body><p>Content-Type: text/html

Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit




ATTENTION, SIR, 

I AM OF THE VIEW THAT YOU WILL BE OF TREMENDEOUS VALUE, ASSISTANCE, CONSENTING/ AGREEING TO BAIL ME AND ALSO, HELP ME SECURE A GREAT FORETUNE (MONEY) WHICH MY PARENTS ACQUIRED OVER PERIOD OF YEARS OF HARDWORK. I HAVE NO FAINTST DOUBT IN MIND THAT YOU WILL NOT ASSIST ME THIS DIFFICULT AND CRYING TIME. TO BE CANDID, I AM VANDE, THE SON OF THE LATE COTE'D HOLBORG HEAD OF STATE, GENERAL , MY PARENTS WERE KILLED IN THE HANDS OF REBELS LAST YEAR 2002 CIVIL WAR IN THE COUNTRY, WHICH STILL RAGES. I AND OTHER OF OUR SIBILINGS WERE FORTUNATE TO HAVE SURVIVED THE WAR, THANKS WITH THE ASSISTANCE OF FRENCH TROOPS EVACUATED US TO NIGERIA WHERE WE ARE ON TEMPORARY ASSYLUM, WITH THE SHOCK, KILLINGS, WITCH-HUNTING OF FAMILY MENBERS BY THE CIVILLIAN GOVERNMENT MAKES IT UNSAFE TO RETURN BACK. 

DURING MY FATHER'S REGIME AS HEAD OF STATE OF COTE'D IVORE, HE AMAZED GREAT WEALTH/FORTUNES TO THE TUNE OF EURO 10 MILLION (TWENTY MILLION EUROS ) WHICH HE PERSONALLY CONCEALED IN A DIPLOMATIC CASE AWAITING TO BE TRANSFERED TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT IN EUROPE. BUT THE REBELS CAUGHTUP WITH HIM AND DIED WITHOUT TRANSFERING THE MONEY. I METICOUSLY CARRIED THE 10 MILLION EURO IN THE DIPLOMATIC CASE DOWN TO IRELAND, DEPOSITED THE MONEY WITH A SECURITY FIRM . I WAS ARRESTED AFTER 1 MONTH IN IRELAND , I'M NOT GUILTY , THERE WAS A MISSUNDERSTANDING , TO GET OUT OF JAIL I NEED 2200 EUROS TO PAY HERE.

ALL I NEED FROM YOU IS TO HELP ME GET OUT OF JAYL AND I SWEAR TO GOD I WILL SEND YOU 2 MILION EUROS , I HAVE NOBADY TO HELP ME , IF YOU DONT HELP ME I WILL STAY HERE FOR 9 MORE YEARS , PLEASE HELP , YOU WILL GET YOUR MONEY . 

IF YOU WANT TO HELP ME YOU CAN E-MAIL ME TO :  vanderstrongheart1982@yahoo.com 

 I WILL OFFER YOU 2 MILION EUROS FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION  I AM AWAITING STRONG RESPONSE AND WHEN GOD WILL PERMIT US TO MEET FACE TO FACE. 



I ANTICIPATE YOUR CO-OPERATION.

REGARDS, 

VANDER






</p>

</body></html>