<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="sankara_usman021@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="Your kind attention needed." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;sankara usman&quot; &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="sankara usman &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//search.msn.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sankara_usman021@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-05T17:55:02Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="usmansankara002@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY103-F34012A39D879A5A319A8E2A2840@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="usmansankara002@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Your kind attention needed." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="05 Mar 2007 17:55:02.0823 (UTC) FILETIME=[6663F370:01C75F4F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 5 Mar 2007 09:55:02 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY103-F34012A39D879A5A319A8E2A2840@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[sankara_usman021@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;sankara usman&quot; &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="sankara usman &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;sankara usman&quot; &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="sankara usman &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-05T17:55:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-05T17:55:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="05 Mar 2007 17:55:02.0823 (UTC) FILETIME=[6663F370:01C75F4F]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="sankara_usman021@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar  5 12:55:13 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[sankara_usman021@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt; Mon, 5 Mar 2007 09:55:02 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="sankara usman" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;sankara usman&quot; &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="sankara usman &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3536" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="sankara usman &lt;sankara_usman021@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY103-F34012A39D879A5A319A8E2A2840@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>Your kind attention needed.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello Dear,

This mail might come to you as a surprise and the temptation to ignore it as 
unserious could come into your mind but please consider it a divine wish and 
accept it with a deep sense of humility.

I am Mr. Usman Sankara, the manager in charge of Auditing  department of 
Bank of Africa (B.O.A)Ouagadougou Burkina Faso in West Africa, with due 
respect and Regard, I have decided to contact you on a business transaction 
that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end of the transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in this Bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to one of our deceased customer 
who died on July 30th 2002 of a ghastly motor accident and the fund has been 
dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the fund in our 
Custody either from his family or relation before our discovery to this 
development. Although personally,

I keep this information secret to enable the whole plans and idea be 
Profitable and successful during the time of execution, the said amount is 
Fifteen million three hundred thousand United States dollars(US$15.3m), as 
it may interest you to know, I got your impressive information on my search 
for a reliable partner, I contacted you to be my partner and person to be 
reliable and capable to champion a business of such magnitude without any 
problem.

Meanwhile all the arrangement to put claim over this fund as the next of kin 
to the deceased, get the required approval and transfer this money to a 
foreign account has been put in Place and directives and needed information 
will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your interest and willingness 
to assist me and also benefit your self to this great business opportunity, 
In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant and we are not allowed to operate a foreign 
account and would eventually raise eye brow on my side during the time of 
transfer because I work in this bank.

This is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who 
will forward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust of oath to 
the bank and also present a foreign account where he will need the money to 
be re-transferred into on his request as it may be after due verification 
and clarification by the correspondent branch of the bank where the whole 
money will be remitted from to your own designation bank account.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free, on 
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 5% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer, while 65% will be for 
me, please you have been advised to keep "Top Secret" as I am still in 
service and intend to retire from service after we conclude this deal with 
you.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank Until you confirm 
the money in your account, and ask us to come down to your country for 
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and further Investment, either in your country or any country you advice us 
to invest in and all other necessary vital information will be send to you 
when I hear from you.

I suggest you get back to me As soon as possible and also include your 
personal phone/mobile and fax numbers for easy communication.

Yours faithfully,
Mr. Usman Sankara
The manager in charge of
Auditing department of
Bank of Africa (B.O.A)
Ouagadougou  Burkina Faso.

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.com/



</p>

</body></html>