<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content=" WAITING FOR YOUR RESPONSE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ahmed hassana&quot; &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ahmed hassana &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-08T14:03:46Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ahmed_hassana002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY120-F564DCF94676796BEC47D4A0790@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ahmed_hassana002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" WAITING FOR YOUR RESPONSE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="08 Mar 2007 14:03:50.0134 (UTC) FILETIME=[98DCD960:01C7618A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 8 Mar 2007 06:03:50 -0800" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY120-F564DCF94676796BEC47D4A0790@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ahmed hassana&quot; &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ahmed hassana &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ahmed hassana&quot; &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ahmed hassana &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-08T14:03:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-08T14:03:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="08 Mar 2007 14:03:50.0134 (UTC) FILETIME=[98DCD960:01C7618A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar  8 09:04:02 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 8 Mar 2007 06:03:50 -0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ahmed hassana" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ahmed hassana&quot; &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ahmed hassana &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3543" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ahmed hassana &lt;ahmed_hassana031@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY120-F564DCF94676796BEC47D4A0790@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title> WAITING FOR YOUR RESPONSE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR.AHMED HASSANA
THE SENIOR AUDITOR INCHARGE
FORIEGN REMITTANCE UNIT,
BANK OF AFRICA (BOA).
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO.

DEAR FRIEND,

I PRESUMED THAT ALL IS WELL WITH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.PLEASE LET THIS NOT BE 
A SURPRISED MESSAGE TO YOU BECAUSE I GOT YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION FROM THE 
INTERNATIONAL DIRECTORY FEW WEEKS AGO BEFORE I DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU ON 
THIS MAGNITUDE AND LUCRATIVE TRANSACTION FOR OUR PRESENT AND FUTURE SURVIVAL 
IN LIFE. MOREOVER,I HAVE LAID ALL THE SOLEMN TRUST IN YOU BEFORE I DECIDED 
TO DISCLOSE THIS SUCCSSFUL AND CONFIDENTIAL TRANSACTION TO YOU.

I AM THE SENIOR AUDITOR INCHARGE OF FORIEGN REMITTANCE UNIT OF OUR BANK AND 
I DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU FOR THIS FINANCIAL TRANSACTION WORTH FOURTEEN 
MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLARS (14.5M) FOR OUR PRESENT AND FUTURE 
SUCCESS. THIS IS AN ABANDONED FUND THAT BELONGS TO ONE OF OUR BANK FORIEGN 
CUSTOMERS WHO DIED ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY THROUGH PLANE CRASH FEW 
YEARS AGO.
MEANWHILE,I WAS VERY FORTUNATE TO COME ACCROSS THE DECEASED FILE WHEN I WAS 
ARRANGING THE OLD AND ABANDONED CUSTOMERS FILE IN OTHER TO SIGN AND SUBMIT 
TO THE ENTIRE BANK MANAGEMENT FOR AN OFFICIAL RE DOCUMENTATION AND AUDIT OF 
THE YEAR AGAINST 2006.

INFORMED CLEARLY THAT IT WAS STATED IN OUR FORIEGN BANKING RULES AND 
REGULATIONS WHICH WAS SIGNED LAWFULLY THAT IF SUCH FUND REMAINS UNCLAIMED 
TILL THE PERIOD OF FOUR YEARS STARTED FROM THE DATE THE BENEFICIARY DIED, 
THE MONEY WILL BE TRANSFERRED INTO THE TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED FUNDHOWEVER, IT 
IS NOT AUTHORIZES BY THE RULES GUIDING OUR BANK FOR A CITIZEN OF BURKINA 
FASO TO MAKE THE CLAIM OF THE FUND UNLESS YOU ARE A FORIEGNER NO MATTER THE 
COUNTRY.

SO THE REQUEST OF YOU AS A FORIEGNER IS NECESSARY TO APPLY FOR THE CLAIM AND 
TRANSFER OF THE FUND SMOOTHLY INTO YOUR RELIABLE BANK ACCOUNT AS THE NEXT OF 
KIN TO THE DECEASED.WHEN THE FUND IS TRANSFERRED INTO YOUR ACCOUNT 35% WILL 
BE FOR YOU IN RESPECT OF ALL YOUR ASSISTANCE FOR THE TRANSFER OF THE FUND 
INTO YOUR ACCOUNT AND PROVISION OF THE BANK ACCOUNT WHERE THE BANK WILL 
REMIT THE FUND, 60% WILL BE FOR ME BEING THE PIONEER OF THE BUSINESS WHILE 
THE REST 5% WILL BE SHARED TO RESPECTABLE ORGANISATIONS SUCH AS CHARITY AND 
THE DESTITUDES HOMES ARROUND US IN THE WORLD.

IF YOU ARE REALLY SURE OF YOUR TRUSTWORTHINESS,ACCOUNTABILITY AND 
CONFIDENTIALITY ON THIS TRANSACTION, CONTACT ME AND ACCEPT NOT TO CHANGE 
YOUR MIND TO CHEAT OR DISAPPOINT ME WHEN THE FUND IS TRANSFERRED INTO YOUR 
ACCOUNT.SO REPLY FOR THE ASSURANCE WITH YOUR TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS TO 
FACILITATE EASY COMMUNICATION. AS SOON AS YOU REPLY, YOU NOTIFY ME SO THAT I 
WILL LET YOU KNOW THE NEXT STEP AND PROCEDURE TO FOLLOW IN ORDER TO FINALIZE 
THIS TRANSACTION SUCCESSFULLY.

I EXPECT YOUR URGENT COMMUNICATION.
YOURS SINCERELY,
MR AHMED HASSANA

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>