<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="AWARD DEPARTMENT!!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Tonia Van Smith&quot; &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Tonia Van Smith &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-08T23:57:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@S&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;Mrs. Tonia Van Smith&quot; &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;4A0BD271.39B603A@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;Mrs. Tonia Van Smith&quot; &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="AWARD DEPARTMENT!!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;4A0BD271.39B603A@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs. Tonia Van Smith&quot; &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Tonia Van Smith &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs. Tonia Van Smith&quot; &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Tonia Van Smith &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-08T23:57:09Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-08T23:57:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar  8 18:03:02 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs. Tonia Van Smith" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs. Tonia Van Smith&quot; &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Tonia Van Smith &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3544" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs. Tonia Van Smith &lt;leedcbknsewjoo@aim.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;4A0BD271.39B603A@aim.com&gt;" />
<title>AWARD DEPARTMENT!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>TICKET NUMBER: 0362728
LOTTO NL. INTERNATIONAL PROMOTIONS/PRIZE 
AWARD DEPARTMENT
RESULTS FOR CATEGORY "A" DRAWS 

Sir/Madam,

Congratulations to you as we bring to your notice, the results of the Second Category draws of  THE LOTT NL.PROMO INT. We are happy to inform you that you have emerged as a winner under 
the First Category, which is part of our promotional draws. The results of the draws have been officially announced .Participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2,500,000 email 
addresses of individuals and companies from Africa, America, Asia, Australia, Europe, Middle East, and Oceania as part of our International Promotions Program. Your email address, attached to ticket 
number 0362728,with serial number 990-4289 and lucky  number P-065377-H?22/a7 consequently won in the First Category. You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of 1,500,000 
(One Million  Five Hundred Thousand Euros), which is the winning payout for Category A winners. This is from a total cash prize of 15,000,000.00 (Fifteen Million  Euros) shared amongst the first Ten (10) lucky 
winners in this category.

In your best interest to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind, we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been 
completed, and your funds remitted to your account. This is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants/no participants of this program. 

Please contact our paying bank immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice:

NOTE: For easy reference and identification, find below your Reference and Batch  numbers. Remember to quote these numbers in your correspondence with your paying bank. Also give them the following 
information.

NAME
TELEPHONE NUMBER AND FAX
AGE
ADDRESS
OCUPATION
Number:  NM/BC921245/KY14
BATCH No: NM/207161/WOP.

CONGRATULATIONS!!!

Your fund is now deposited with the paying Bank. To begin your claims, kindly contact the paying bank with the below information:

***********************************************

Union Credit Bank
Contact person: Mr. Jan Van Dijk
International Remittance Officer 
E-mail: unioczones@aim.com
Tel: +31 614 990 140
Fax: +31 847 570 900    

***********************************************

NOTE: All claims are nullified after 10 working days from today if unclaimed Congratulations once again from all our staffs, and  thank you for being part of our promotions program.

Yours Sincerely,
Mrs. Tonia Van Smith
Online co-Coordinator
</p>

</body></html>