<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-senderip" content="195.175.37.70" />
<meta name="subject" content="Allan's next of kin." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?Fred_Gabby?=&quot; &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Fred Gabby &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-type" content="0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Allan's next of kin." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SenderIP" content="195.175.37.70" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;JEUUW5$3EBF3DB7C8F40FCDC5D63A1169720DC7@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?Fred_Gabby?=&quot; &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Fred Gabby &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?Fred_Gabby?=&quot; &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Fred Gabby &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-XaM3-API-Version" content="3.2 R18 (B34 pl1)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-1-4769870=0d=0amobile" content="00234-8023605271=0D=0A=0D=0ADear Respectable One,=0D=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 13 13:48:26 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt; relatives for=0D=0Aover 5 years now, I seek your consent to present you =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;JEUUW5$3EBF3DB7C8F40FCDC5D63A1169720DC7@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-type" content="0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Fred Gabby" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?Fred_Gabby?=&quot; &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Fred Gabby &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-xam3-api-version" content="3.2 R18 (B34 pl1)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3560" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Fred Gabby &lt;ffreddg486@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;JEUUW5$3EBF3DB7C8F40FCDC5D63A1169720DC7@aliceadsl.fr&gt;" />
<title>Allan's next of kin.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Fred Gabby
Senior Branch Manager, 
Citizens Bank Int'l Plc
119, Adeola Odeku,
Victoria Island, Lagos Nigeria
Office:00234-1-4769870
Mobile: 00234-8023605271

Dear Respectable One,

REQUEST FOR A NEXT OF KIN BENEFICIARY - HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL

My special greetings to you and your entire family. I am
Fred Gabby, recently promoted to the office of a Senior
Branch Manager with Citizens Int'l Bank Plc. Late Engr.
(Allan ), a National of your country, who is a contractor
with the DEPARTMENT OF PETROLEUM RESOURCES VICTORIA ISLAND,
LAGOS.

Here in after shall be referred to as my client On 30 JAN
2000, my client,his wife, and their three children were
involved in the Kenya airways flight with registration
number 5Y-BEN which departed from Nairobi to destination
Lagos and all family died in this fatal air crash on 30 JAN
2000, Since then I have made several inquiries to your
embassy to locate any of my clients extended Relatives, this
has proved abortive.

After all these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to
get in touch with the consul-General to locate any member of
his family hence I contacted you. I have contacted you to
assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by
my client before they get confiscated or declared
unserviceable by the bank where these huge deposits were
lodged, particularly the CITIZENS INT'L BANK PLC Where the
deceased had an account Valued at about ($15 Million United
States Dollars) The Head Office has issued me a notice to
provide the next of kin Or have the account confiscated
within the next ten official working days.

Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for
over 5 years now, I seek your consent to present you as the
next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last
name so that the proceeds of this account valued at ($15
Million US Dollars) can be paid to you and then you and me
Can share the money 50% to me and 50% to you and all
expenses will be shared equal and this will be after tax is
deducted by the (IRS) in your country. An attorney will be
contracted to help us revalidate and notarize all the
necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any
claim we may make.

All I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see
this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed
under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you and me
from any breach of the law. 

Note, I recommend that you send your response together with
your most private telephone number to enable me call you for
more explanation if the need arises. 

Thank you.

Faithfully yours in Christ,

Fred Gabby.


--------------------- ALICE SECURITE ENFANTS ---------------------
Protégez vos enfants des dangers d'Internet en installant Sécurité Enfants, le contrôle parental d'Alice.
http://www.aliceadsl.fr/securitepc/default_copa.asp




</p>

</body></html>