<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Uregent message from ISAAC BAKA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="baka@cw03.calibra-web.de" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-14T04:58:33Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="isbaka1@myway.com, isbaka@sify.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Uregent message from ISAAC BAKA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="isbaka1@myway.com, isbaka@sify.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200703140458.l2E4wXgm016991@mission.mail.UM&gt; collaborated with the firm in the mining of the gold on a mutual agreeme=" />
<meta name="creator" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-14T04:58:33Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 =0D" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-14T04:58:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;www-data@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 13 23:58:41 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;www-data@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt; so many things that happens in our times. I am Isaac Baka, the site insp=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200703140458.l2E4wXgm016991@mission.mail.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ISAAC BAKA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3562" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ISAAC BAKA &lt;baka@cw03.calibra-web.de&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200703140458.l2E4wXgm016991@mission.mail.UM&gt; collaborated with the firm in the mining of the gold on a mutual agreeme=" />
<title>Uregent message from ISAAC BAKA</title>
</head>
<body><p>Content-Type: text/plain

Message-Id: &lt;20070314045652.B8006558023@cw03.calibra-web.de.calibra-web.de&gt;
Date: Wed, 14 Mar 2007 05:56:52 +0100 (CET)
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

=0D
Dear friend, =0D
=0D
I apollogize in advance if this mail comes as an embarrassment because of=
 so many things that happens in our times. I am Isaac Baka, the site insp=
ection director with the ministry ofworks and construction and I worked d=
irectly with the Minister in charge of the Ministry here in Republic of S=
udan.=0D
   =0D
I awarded a contract to a firm worth several millions of dollars a few ye=
ars ago. In the course of executing the project the firm discovered large=
 gold deposit in one of the construction sites. Being the site director I=
 collaborated with the firm in the mining of the gold on a mutual agreeme=
nt to share the proceeds out of which I got a share of 7.5 Million. =0D
=0D
As a civil servant in this small war torn country, I cannot introduce thi=
s funds into the banking system here considering my meager monthly income=
 as well as the code of conduct guidelines regulating civil service here =
in my country, Sudan. Presently Sudan is engulfed in a civil crisis and a=
s this crisis intensified by the day, I have decided to move this fund ou=
t for any profitable venture. The fund will be moved out of Sudan under d=
iplomatic cover as soon as we conclude all procedure.=0D
=0D
I therefore solicit for your co-operation to take delivery of this fund i=
nto your custody for any profitable investment that will be mutually bene=
ficial. I will be able to arrange all necessary procedures to ensure smoo=
th movement of this funds until you are in control of it.  =0D
=0D
Please let me know if you are interested by return mail to be sent to: (i=
sbaka@myway.com, isbaka@sify.com). Also include your full names and conta=
ct telephone number to enable me call you. I will provide you with more i=
nformation as soon as you indicate appreciable interest to deal. =0D
=0D
Regards,=0D
ISAAC BAKA.=0D





</p>

</body></html>