<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;attn" content="&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Roland Bartic&quot; &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt; charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Roland Bartic &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-18T23:32:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;rrrrr&quot; &lt;R@S&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rrrrr &lt;R@S&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_NextPart_000_0000_01C6527E.AE8904D0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Organization" content="Roland Bartic" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070318225947.D237AC04C@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Roland Bartic&quot; &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt; charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Roland Bartic &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Roland Bartic&quot; &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt; charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Roland Bartic &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-18T23:32:58Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-18T23:32:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Mar 18 18:33:08 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_NextPart_000_0000_01C6527E.AE8904D0&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070318225947.D237AC04C@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Roland Bartic" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Roland Bartic&quot; &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt; charset=&quot;utf-8&quot;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Roland Bartic &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3579" />
<meta name="MboxParser-organization" content="Roland Bartic" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Roland Bartic &lt;roland-bartic@teenmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070318225947.D237AC04C@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>Attn: </p>


<p>
URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP</p>


<p>
I am Mr.Roland Bartic Director, project
implementation with (LOC) 
(LOCAL ORGANIZING COMMITTEE FOR 2010 FIFA WORLD CUP IN SOUTH AFRICA) and a 
member of the Contract Tenders Board (CTB) of the above Committee.</p>


<p>Your esteemed address was reliably introduced to me at the South Africa 
Chamber of Commerce and Industry in my search for a reliable individual company 
who can handle a strictly confidential transaction, 
which involves the 
transfer of a reasonable sum of money to a foreign account.</p>


<p>This amount of money is total sum ofUS$13,500,000.00 (Thirteen Million, Five 
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars), already extracted from various 
contracts awarded by my Committee. As a result of over invoicing masterminded by 
the concerned officials, has been drafted to represent final payment for a 
contract that has been executed to the Committee last years back. The money is 
now floating in the suspense account of Federal Reserve Bank of South Africa 
awaiting claim by Foreign Partner which status we now want you to assume.</p>


<p>Now is the optimum period to consummate this
transaction. Following the 
presidential directive to all parastatals to settle all outstanding debts owed 
to both local and foreign contractors. 
In my last meeting with the officials 
involved, it was unanimously agreed that 35% of the total sum will be given to 
you. 60% will be for my colleague, and me.While 5% will he used to reimburse the 
expenses that may be incurred in the processing of the transfer.</p>


<p>I assure you the transaction is 100% risk free as we have concluded every 
arrangement to protect the interest of every one involved. Likewise, all 
modalities for the successful transfer of this money 
have been worked out 
with the Federal Ministry of Finance and the Federal Reserve Bank of South 
Africa to facilitate the remittance of this money to your 
designated 
account.</p>


<p>However. I would want to believe that you are honest enough and will not 
raise any misgiving attitude in any aspect of the transaction, more importantly, 
you will keep this transaction very confidential 
so as not to tarnish the 
confidence reposed on these officials by the Government of South Africa.</p>


<p>lf this business proposal is of interest to you, then kindly contact me via 
telephone or email.</p>


<p>Meanwhile, your immediate response will be highly appreciated. Please treat 
this information as confidential.</p>


<p>
Best regards, </p>


<p>Mr.Roland Bartic</p>


</body></html>