<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="please reply" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.Kunle Owolo&quot; &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Kunle Owolo &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="234-8042136866" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-04T13:59:47Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="234- 1-7597626" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="please reply" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200308041400.h74E02H20065@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.Kunle Owolo&quot; &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Kunle Owolo &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.Kunle Owolo&quot; &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Kunle Owolo &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-04T13:59:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-04T13:59:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="eGroups Message Poster" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug  4 10:00:16 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200308041400.h74E02H20065@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;Dr.Kunle Owolo&quot; &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Kunle Owolo" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;Dr.Kunle Owolo&quot; &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.Kunle Owolo&quot; &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Kunle Owolo &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="eGroups Message Poster" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-356" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.Kunle Owolo &lt;kunowolo3@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200308041400.h74E02H20065@pinkcadillac.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>please reply</title>
</head>
<body><p>Investment proposal from:
Dr.Kunle Owolo.
Tel:234-8042136866
Fax:234- 1-7597626
Block 4 Federal Secretariat Road,
Ikoyi-Lagos


REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

I am Dr.Kunle Owolo, the chairman of contract award and review committee set
up by the federal government of Nigeria under the present civilian
dispensation to award new contracts and review
existing ones.

I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to
handle a very confidential transaction, which involves the transfer of a
huge sum of money to a foreign account. There were series of contracts
executed by a consortium of multi-nationals in the oil industry in favor of
the Nigerian National Petroleum Cooperation (N.N.P.C.) the original value of
these contracts were deliberately over invoiced to the sum of
USD$25,000,000.00 (twenty five million united state Dollars).

This amount has been approved and is now ready to be transferred being that
the companies that actually executed these contracts have been fully paid
and the projects officially commissioned. Consequently, my colleagues and I
are willing to transfer the total amount to your account for subsequent
disbursement, since we as civil servants are prohibited by the code of
conduct bureau (civil Service law) from operating and/or opening foreign
accounts in our names.

Needless to say, the trust reposed on you at this juncture is enormous, in
return, we have agreed to offer you 20% of the transferred sum, while 10%
shall be set aside for Incidental expenses (internal and external) between
both parties in the course of the transaction you will be mandated to remit
the balance
to other accounts in due course.

Modalities have been worked out at the highest level of the ministry of
finance and the central bank of Nigeria for the immediate transfer of the
funds within 14 working days subject to your satisfaction of the above
stated terms.

our assurance is that your role is Risk free and to accord this transaction
the legality It deserves and for mutual security of the funds the whole
approval procedures will be officially and legally processed with your name
or the name of any company you may nominate as the bona- fide beneficiary.
Once more I want you to understand that
having put in over twenty five years in the civil service of my country, I
am averse to having my image and career dented. This matter should therefore
be treated with utmost secrecy and urgency it deserves.

Please you should signify your intention to assist by sending me a fax
on my confidential fax number ( 234 17 597626) or mail to private email
address,so that I can brief you further. I want to assure you that this
business proposal is 100% risk free as we have done our homework properly.

I quite believe that you will protect our interest by taking this deal
strictly confidential, as we are still in government service, which we
intend to retire from. Kindly expedite action as we are behind schedule to
enable us include this transfer in the first batch which would constitute
the second quarter payments for the 2003 financial year.

Thanks and God bless,

Dr.Kunle Owolo.

</p>

</body></html>