<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="barr_tonyobi1@myway.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;central bank&quot;&lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="central bank &lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="barr_tonyobi1@myway.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-26T19:25:14Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-target=_blank&gt;http" content="//www.myway.com&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="cbn_bank206207@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="MYWAYBOUNDARY_000__b63d3cb6a526464ff5963b71824a0b55" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070326192514.C049B99E47@mprdmxin.myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;central bank&quot;&lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="central bank &lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;central bank&quot;&lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="central bank &lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-26T19:25:14Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 &lt;table cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 border=0 width=100% bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;tr valign=top&gt;&lt;td width=100%&gt;&lt;font size=2 color=black&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA &lt;BR&gt;TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND, &lt;BR&gt;LAGOS-NIGERIA &lt;BR&gt;OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Urgent Attention;Sir/Madam &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;This is to notify you that your funds has been programmed for immediate release into your nominated account, but we can not transfer this funds directly to your nominated bank account, because we are having a problem with International Monetary Fund (IMF) so our method of payment is by Diplomatic Courier Service . &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Note; that every arrangement regarding your cash payment through diplomatic services has been made, note that your funds have been packaged like a consignment. &lt;BR&gt;Be inform that the Diplomatic Agency has to move down to your Country in order to deliver the Consignment to your doorstep. I want you to forward the below infromation immediately, so that as" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-26T19:25:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="PHP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="barr_tonyobi1@myway.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar 26 14:43:19 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt; CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND, LAGOS-NIGERIA OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR Urgent Attention;Sir/Madam This is to notify you that your funds has been programmed for immediate release into your nominated account, but we can not transfer this funds directly to your nominated bank account, because we are having a problem with International Monetary Fund (IMF) so our method of payment is by Diplomatic Courier Service . Note; that every arrangement regarding your cash payment through diplomatic services has been made, note that your funds have been packaged like a consignment. Be inform that the Diplomatic Agency has to move down to your Country in order to deliver the Consignment to your doorstep. I want you to forward the below infromation immediately, so that as soon as the diplomatic arrive in your country, they will call you mmediately to notify you. 1)Your Full Name.........2)Your Cell Telepohne/Fax........3)Your Address........4)Your" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="cbn_bank206207@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070326192514.C049B99E47@mprdmxin.myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="central bank" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;central bank&quot;&lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="central bank &lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="PHP" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3593" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="central bank &lt;barr_tonyobi1@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070326192514.C049B99E47@mprdmxin.myway.com&gt;" />
<title>CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA</title>
</head>
<body><table><tr>		<td>



CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA 
TINUBU SQUARE,VICTORIA ISLAND, 
LAGOS-NIGERIA 
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR 



Urgent Attention;Sir/Madam 



This is to notify you that your funds has been programmed for immediate release into your nominated account, but we can not transfer this funds directly to your nominated bank account, because we are having a problem with International Monetary Fund (IMF) so our method of payment is by Diplomatic Courier Service . 


Note; that every arrangement regarding your cash payment through diplomatic services has been made, note that your funds have been packaged like a consignment. 
Be inform that the Diplomatic Agency has to move down to your Country in order to deliver the Consignment to your doorstep. I want you to forward the below infromation immediately, so that as 
soon as the diplomatic arrive in your country, they will call you mmediately to notify you. 



1)Your Full Name.........


2)Your Cell Telepohne/Fax........


3)Your Address........


4)Your Age.........


5)sex.................


6)Occupation......

Looking forward to hear from you 


YOURS SINCERELY, 
PROFESSOR CHARLES C. SOLUDO 
GOVERNOR, CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA (CBN) 
Cell: +234-8030901550 



YOU CAN REACH ME THROUGH MY PRIVATE EMAIL: cbn_bank206207@yahoo.com
so that as soon as the diplomatic arrive in State they will call you immediately to notify you. 


NOTE: RESPONSE SHOULD BE MADE IMMEDIATELY BEFORE IT WILL BE TOO LATE FOR YOU.

</td></tr>

</table>

<p />


No banners. No pop-ups. No kidding.
Make My Way  your home on the Web - <a shape="rect" href="http://www.myway.com">http://www.myway.com</a>
</body></html>