<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="pascal_d19@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CALL ME IMMEDATILY : 00 226 78 86 66 99 " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;pascal dunga&quot; &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="pascal dunga &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="pascal_d19@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-28T09:03:03Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="pascaldunga@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY113-F28C1C981D95FFE3032BD4AF06D0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="pascaldunga@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CALL ME IMMEDATILY : 00 226 78 86 66 99 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="28 Mar 2007 09:03:07.0502 (UTC) FILETIME=[E6E0B0E0:01C77117]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 28 Mar 2007 02:03:07 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY113-F28C1C981D95FFE3032BD4AF06D0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[pascal_d19@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;pascal dunga&quot; &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="pascal dunga &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;pascal dunga&quot; &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="pascal dunga &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-28T09:03:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 (TOP SECRET)" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-28T09:03:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="28 Mar 2007 09:03:07.0502 (UTC) FILETIME=[E6E0B0E0:01C77117]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="pascal_d19@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar 28 04:03:17 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[pascal_d19@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 28 Mar 2007 02:03:07 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="pascal dunga" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;pascal dunga&quot; &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="pascal dunga &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3599" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="pascal dunga &lt;pascal_d19@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY113-F28C1C981D95FFE3032BD4AF06D0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT AND CALL ME IMMEDATILY : 00 226 78 86 66 99 </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM : MR PASCAL DUNGA,
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING SECTION,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B)
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO,WEST AFRICA.

                            (TOP SECRET)
Dear Friend,
I MR PASCAL DUNGA, the director in charge of auditing and accounting section 
of bank AFRICAN DEVLOPMENT BANK (A.D.B) Ouagadougou Burkina-faso West Africa 
with due respect and regard. I have decided to contact you on a business 
transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us at the end of the 
transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came 
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died  in  
plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his account with this Bank 
without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his family or 
relation before our discovery to this development.

The said amount was Ten US$10,000,000.00 (TEN Million Dollars)As it may 
interest you to know, I got your impressive information through the 
Burkina-faso chamber of commerce on foreign business relations here in 
Ouagadougou Burkina-faso.

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the 
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required approval and transfer 
this money to a foreign account has been put in place and directives and 
needed information will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your 
interest and willingness to assist us and also benefit your self to this 
great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant(A Banker),we are not allowed to operate a foreign 
account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of 
transfer because I work in this bank.

This is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who 
will forward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust of oath to 
the Bank and also present a foreign account where he will need the money to 
be re-transferred into on his request as it may be after due verification 
and clarification by the correspondent branch of the bank where the whole 
money will be remitted from to your own designation bank account.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On 
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the 
total sum as gratification, while 5% will be set aside to take care of 
expenses that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone 
bills, while 65% will be for me and my partners. Please, you have been 
adviced to keep "top secret" as I am still in service and intend to retire 
from service after we conclude this deal with you.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm 
the money in your account and ask me to come down to your country for 
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated 
and further investment, either in your country or any country you advice us 
to invest in. All other necessary vital information will be sent to you when 
I hear from you.

I look forward to receive your phone and fax numbers for easy communication.
URGENT AND CALL ME IMMEDATILY : 00 226 78 86 66 99

here is my privet Email contact for securect pupose (pascaldunga@myway.com)
Yours faithfully,
MR.PASCAL DUNGA,

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>