<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="az_u38@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="TREAT AS URGENT " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;azem usman&quot; &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="azem usman &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.windowslive.fr/liveonecare/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="az_u38@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-03-31T13:29:45Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="azem_usman100@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY113-F1AA36252514628732D28A80620@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="azem_usman100@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="TREAT AS URGENT " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="31 Mar 2007 13:29:46.0750 (UTC) FILETIME=[A66971E0:01C77398]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sat, 31 Mar 2007 06:29:46 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY113-F1AA36252514628732D28A80620@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[az_u38@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;azem usman&quot; &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="azem usman &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;azem usman&quot; &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="azem usman &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-03-31T13:29:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-03-31T13:29:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="31 Mar 2007 13:29:46.0750 (UTC) FILETIME=[A66971E0:01C77398]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="az_u38@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Mar 31 08:29:50 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[az_u38@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt; Sat, 31 Mar 2007 06:29:46 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="azem usman" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;azem usman&quot; &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="azem usman &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3605" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="azem usman &lt;az_u38@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY113-F1AA36252514628732D28A80620@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>TREAT AS URGENT </title>
</head>
<body><p>TREAT AS URGENT

PROFITABLE TRANSACTION  DR.AZEM USMAN  {MANAGER}

DEAR FRIEND,
FIRST I MUST SOLICIT YOUR CONFIDENCE IN THIS TRANSACTION, THIS IS BY VIRTUE 
OF ITS NATURE AS BEING UTTERLY CONFIDENTIAL AND TOP SECRET. THOUGH I KNOW 
THAT A TRANSACTION OF THIS MAGNITUDE WILL MAKE ANY ONE APPREHENSIVE AND 
WORRIED, BUT I AM ASSURING YOU THAT ALL WILL BE WELL AT THE END OF THE DAY.

WE HAVE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU DUE TO THE URGENCY OF THIS TRANSACTION, AS WE 
HAVE BEEN RELIABLY INFORMED OF YOUR DISCREETNESS AND ABILITY IN TRANSACTION 
OF THIS NATURE. LET ME START BY INTRODUCING MYSELF PROPERLY TO YOU. I AM 
AZEM USMAN   THE MANAGER WITH THE BANK OF AFRICA , OUAGA.I CAME TO KNOW YOU 
IN MY PRIVATE SEARCH FOR A RELIABLE AND REPUTABLE PERSON TO HANDLE THIS 
CONFIDENTIAL TRANSACTION, WHICH INVOLVES THE TRANSFER OF HUGE SUM OF MONEY 
TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT REQUIRING MAXIMUM CONFIDENCE. THE PROPOSITION:

A FOREIGNER AN AUSTRALIA, LATE ENGR. STEVE MOORE (SNR.) AN BUESSINE MERCHANT 
WITH THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT OF BURKINA, UNTIL HIS DEATH YEARS AGO IN KENYA 
AIR BUS (A310-! 301) FLIGHT KQ431, BANKED WITH US AT BANK OF BURKINA , OUAGA 
AND HAD A CLOSING BALANCE AS AT THE END OF SEPTEMBER, 2000 WORTH 
US$30,000,000.00 (THIRTY MILLION UNITED STATE DOLLARS), THE BANK NOW EXPECTS 
A NEXT OF KIN AS BENEFICIARY.

VALUABLE EFFORTS ARE BEING MADE BY THE BANK OF AFRICAN TO GET IN TOUCH WITH 
ANY OF THE MOORE'S FAMILY OR RELATIVES BUT TO NO SUCCESS.
IT IS BECAUSE OF THE PERCEIVED POSSIBILITY OF NOT BEING ABLE TO LOCATE ANY 
OF LATE ENGR. STEVE MOORE (SNR.)' S NEXT KIN (HE HAD NO WIFE OR CHILDREN 
THAT IS KNOW TO US).

THE MANAGEMENT UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF OUR CHAIRMAN AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS, THAT ARRANGE HAS BEEN MADE FOR THE FUND TO BE DECLARED 
"UNCLAIMED" AND SUBSEQUENTLY BE DONATED TO THE TRUST FUND FOR ARMS AND 
AMMUNITION TO FURTHER ENHANCE THE COURSE OF WAR IN AFRICA AND THE WORLD IN 
GENERAL.

IN ORDER TO AVERT THIS NEGATIVE DEVELOPMENT SOME OF MY TRUSTED COLLEAGUES 
AND I NOW SEEK YOUR PERMISSION TO HAVE YOU STAND AS NEXT OF KIN TO! LATE 
ENGR. STEVE MOORE (SNR.) SO THAT THE FUND US$30 MILLION WILL BE RELEASED AND 
PAID INTO YOUR ACCOUNT AS THE BENEFICIARY'S NEXT OF KIN. ALL DOCUMENTS AND 
PROVES TO ENABLE YOU GET HIS FUND WILL BE CAREFULLY WORKED OUT. WE HAVE 
SECURE FROM THE PROBATE AN ORDER OF MADAMUS TO LOCATE ANY OF DECEASED 
BENEFICIARIES, AND MORE SO WE ARE ASSURING YOU THAT THIS BUSINESS IS 100% 
RISK FREE INVOLVEMENT.

YOUR SHARE STAYS WHILE THE REST BE FOR MYSELF AND MY COLLEAGUES FOR 
INVESTMENT PURPOSE. ACCORDING TO AGREEMENT WITHIN BOTH PARTIES. AS SOON AS 
WE RECEIVE AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT OF THIS MESSAGE IN ACCEPTANCE OF 
OUR MUTUAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL, WE WOULD FURNISH YOU WITH THE NECESSARY 
MODALITIES AND DISBURSEMENT RATIO TO SUITE BOTH PARTIES WITH OUT ANY 
CONFLICT. WHILE REPLYING FURNISH ME WITH YOUR PRIVATE FAX AND PHONE NUMBERS 
FOR EASY COMMUNICATION,BANK NAME,COMPANIES NAME AND ADDRESS.

THE SHARING OF THE FUND ARE THUS: 20% FOR YOU THE ACCOUNT OWNER,70% FOR I 
AND MY ! TRUSTED COLLEAGUES AND THE REMAINNING 10% FOR EXPENSES FOR BOTH 
PARTIES. IF THIS PROPOSAL IS ACCEPTABLE BY YOU, DO NOT MAKE UNDUE ADVANTAGE 
OF THE TRUST WE HAVE BESTOWED IN YOU.
BEST REGARDS,
DR.AZEM USMAN (MANAGER).

_________________________________________________________________
Avec Windows Live OneCare éliminez tous les virus de votre PC ! 
http://www.windowslive.fr/liveonecare/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>