<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Hello, please reply now!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-05T19:20:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kaluidikak@go.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-(re" content="TRANSFER OF ($30,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kaluidikak@go.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kaluidikak@go.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="kaluidikak@go.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Hello, please reply now!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;4339169.1060111207041.JavaMail.kaluidikak@gomailjtp02&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;4339169.1060111207041.JavaMail.kaluidikak@gomailjtp02&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-05T19:20:07Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-05T19:20:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HJ500D8CV1JLR@wmailmta01o.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Tue,  5 Aug 2003 12:20:13 -0700 (PDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug  5 15:21:09 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HJ500D8CV1JLR@wmailmta01o.seamail.go.com&gt; for R@M; Tue,  5 Aug 2003 12:20:13 -0700 (PDT) the money can only" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="kalu idika" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="GoMail 3.0.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-360" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kalu idika &lt;kaluidikak@go.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;4339169.1060111207041.JavaMail.kaluidikak@gomailjtp02&gt;" />
<title>Hello, please reply now!</title>
</head>
<body><p>{URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL}
(RE: TRANSFER OF ($30,000.000.00 USD}
Dear

We want to transfer to overseas ($30,000.000.00 USD)
Thirty million United States Dollars)from a Bank in Africa,I want to
ask you toquietly look for a reliable and honest person who
will be capable and fit to provide either an existing
bank account or to set up a new Bank a/c
immediately to receive this money,even an empty a/c
can serve to receive this money, as long as you will
remain honest to me till the end for this important
business trusting in you and believing in God that
you will never let me down either now or in future.

I am Mr. Kalu Idika Kalu,the Auditor General of a bank in
Africa,during the course of our auditing  I
discovered a floating fund in an account opened in
the bank in 1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on
this account again,after going through some old files
in the records I discovered that the owner of the
account died without a [heir] hence the money is
floating and if I do not remit this money out
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing.the owner
of this account is Mr. Vijay Kumar,a foreigner,and
a sailor,and he died,since 1993.and no other person
knows about this account or any thing concerning
it,the account has no other beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me as well that Mr. Vijay Kumar, investigation revealed that is an Indian working with Halibuton an oil firm in Nigeria.


We will start the first transfer with $15m upon successful transaction
without any disappoint from your side,we shall
re-apply for the payment of the remaining rest amount
to your account,

The amount involved is ($30,000.000.00 USD)
Thirty million United States Dollars), only I want
to first transfer $15,000.000 [Fifteen million
United States Dollar from this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad before the rest,but I don't
know any foreigner,I am only contacting you as
a foreigner because this money can not be approved to
a local person here,without valid international
foreign passport,but can only be approved to any
foreigner with valid international passport or drivers
license and foreign a/c because the money is in us
dollars and the former owner of the  a/c  Mr. Vijay Kumar is a foreigner too,and
 the money can only
be approved into a foreign a/c.

However, we will sign a binding agreement,to bind us
together I got your contact address from the Girl
who operates computer, I am revealing this to you
with believe in God that you will never let me down in
this business,you are the first and the only person
that I am contacting for this business,so please
reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step

to take urgently.Send also your private telephone and
fax number including the full details of the account
to be used for the deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and
to sign a binding agreement that will bind us
together before transferring the money to any account
of your choice where the fund will be safe. Before
we fly to your country for withdrawal,sharing and
investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine.
because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account,which I will give to you,upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you
are  capable and will meet up with instruction of  a
key bank official who is deeply involved with me in
this business.

I need your strong assurance that you will never,
never let me down.

With my influence and the position of the bank
official we can transfer this money to any foreigner's

reliable account which you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our physical
arrival in your country for sharing.The bank official
will destroy all documents of transaction immediately
we receive this money leaving no trace to any place
and to build confidence you can come immediately  to
discuss with me face to face after which I will make
this remittance in your presence and three of us will
fly to your country at least two days ahead of the
money going into the account.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately
I hear from you that you are ready to act and receive
this fund in your account.I will use my position and
influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward
transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries
and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
25% of the total amount,70% will be for me,while 5%
will be for expenses both parties might have incurred
during the process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest reply through my
email BOX or my alternative email:tbalewa@hotmail.com.

Sincerely,
Mr. Kalu Idika Kalu
Please call me on my phone # 234-803-35525974immediately you recieve this mail for further details.






___________________________________________________
GO.com Mail                                    
Get Your Free, Private E-mail at http://mail.go.com



</p>

</body></html>