<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="80.89.176.35" />
<meta name="subject" content="QUICK RESPONSE.... " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt; our" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-04T13:20:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1 them" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.6" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1175692818.4613a6125fd2a@webmail.basilicatanet.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="QUICK RESPONSE.... " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.6" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1175692818.4613a6125fd2a@webmail.basilicatanet.it&gt; Creek" />
<meta name="creator" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt; our" />
<meta name="creator" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt; our" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-04T13:20:18Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 come" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1 them" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-04T13:20:18Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Apr  5 07:07:20 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt; 'm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 Creek" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="James Willams" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt; our" />
<meta name="Author" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="80.89.176.35" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3628" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="James Willams &lt;jj_w_james1w@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1175692818.4613a6125fd2a@webmail.basilicatanet.it&gt; Creek" />
<title>QUICK RESPONSE.... </title>
</head>
<body><p>
&gt;From The Office of The Director of
International Relation,Access Bank Plc
22 Marina Street,Marina
Lagos-Nigeria

Dear,

Please permit me to introduce my humble self to you. I am Mr. James Williams the
Director of International Relation with Access Bank of Nigeria Limited. I 'm
47yrs old and I got your email address on the Chambers of Commerce address list
and my confidence reposed on you to contact you. I hope you read this message
Carefully and reply me immediately,although we have not met before but I
suggest that this transaction will bring us together.

My dear, we have a customer from a your country but base here in Nigeria since
over a decade now, his name is Mr. Hamilton Creek from Atlanta Georgia United
State of America but reside here with his wife and his two children. Mr.
Hamilton Has being banking with our bank for the past 4yrs some time October
2002. On 12th of August 2003 Mr. Hamilton was on his way to his house and
unfortunately he ran into a Trailer truck load of Groundnut Oil and died
immediately. Their car got burnt and Mr. Hamilton Creek and His entire family
was confirmed died which no single soul was saved.

The Board of Directors and the Management of Access Bank has mandated and
Instructed me to look for Mr. Hamilton Creek relatives/his Next of Kin to come
and claim Mr.Hamilton's Fund. Since August 2003 till date I have been looking
for Mr.

Hamilton Creek Relatives/Next of Kin to come and claim Mr. Hamilton's Fund which
he Deposited with our bank. I have made a frantic effort to contact the
American Embassy and after 3days the Ambassador told me that Mr. Hamilton Creek
has no relation and no next of Kin.The Ambassador also told me that Mr.
Hamilton used his first son as His next of kin but it is quite
unfortunate that Mr. Hamilton Creek died with all his family members. The reason
why I contacted you is this, Mr. Hamilton is dead and his only son whom
supposed to inherit his properties and money also died With him.

As at this moment, nobody or person[s] is coming to claim this Money from our
bank. The board directors and management of our  bank has told me that if
nobody or person[s] apply for the claim of Mr. Hamilton's Fund, the bank will
decleared Mr.

Hamilton's Fund as unclaimed and it will send into the Federal Government of
Nigeria Reserve Account, In order to avert this, I want you to stand as the
Relation/relative of Late Mr. Hamilton Creek and to act as the Hamilton's 
relative so that late Mr. Hamilton Creek money which he deposited with our bank
will be release to you. It might interest you  to know that Mr. Hamilton has a
Domiciliary Bank Account with our Bank and he has a total sum of US$52Million
(Fifty two Million

United States Dollars) and it is the exact amount which late Mr. Hamilton Creek
has in his domiciliary Account  and this money is still in his account as
unclaimed money.

This transaction is very easy and simple and it is 100% risk free. I'm the
Director of International Relations with Access  Bank of Nigeria Limited and
the management/Board of Directors of the Bank are waiting for me to present to
them the Relation or next of Kin to late Mr. Hamilton Creek, which I told them
that I am still searching the next of kin to the deceased.

Finally, if you are interested with this transaction, I will present you to the
bank as the only next of kin to late Mr, Hamilton Creek and I will let the bank
to know that you are the only right person to inherit Late Mr. Hamilton Funds
and  properties, and his Money US$52M(fIifty two Million United States Dollars)
will be transferred into Your Own  Account as late Mr. Hamilton Creek next of
kin.

Please if you are interested, Just email  me on my direct private and secured
Email Address for immediate commencement so that late Mr. Hamilton Funds will
be credited Into your Account and all his Properties will be released to you
either Through

Courier Services or the Bank will Cargo all his properties to You in any were
you want it.

So reply me immediately and let me know what your decision and also feel free to
ask any questions. Meanwhile we will share Late Mr. Hamilton Creek Funds 50-50
which you will take 50% of the US$52M. which is amounting to US$26M, (Twenty
Six Million United States Dollars, while the Balance of the same amount will be
mine.

I will be waiting for your Immediate response,

Thanks and have a nice day.

Friendly Regards

Mr.James Williams.




</p>

</body></html>