<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Confidential Matter" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Receipt-To" content=" " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.wheresinglesmeet.com/default.asp?ref=2000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-07T15:45:03Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-receipt-to" content="" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="makalele1@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="makalele1@excite.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="makalele1@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;166691-2200384715453906@xzapmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content=" " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Confidential Matter" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;166691-2200384715453906@xzapmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-07T15:45:03Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-07T15:45:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;makalele01@xzapmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Aug  7 11:51:42 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;makalele01@xzapmail.com&gt; e-mail address above,to indicate whether or not you are interested in this" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-361" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="makalele01@xzapmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;166691-2200384715453906@xzapmail.com&gt;" />
<title>Confidential Matter</title>
</head>
<body><p>Engr.Makalele Johnson.
Pretoria
South Africa.


FOR YOUR KIND ATTENTION. 

It is my great pleasure to write you this letter on behalf of
my colleagues. I got your information from a personal search in the
internet business index. I have decided to seek a confidential 
co-operationwith you in execution of a deal hereunder for the benefit of
all 
parties, and hopeyou will keep it confidential because of the nature of
this business.
Within the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources where I work
as a Director of Project Implementation, and with co-operation
of four other top officials, we have in our possession, an overdue
payment in US funds. The said funds represent certain percentage
of the contract value executed on behalf of my Ministry by a
foreign contracting firm, which we the officials over-invoiced
to the amount of US$25,500,000.00 (Twenty-Five Million Five Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars). Though the actual contract cost
has been paid to the original contractor, leaving the excess balance 
unclaimed. 

Since the present elected Government is determined to pay foreign
contractors all debts owed, so as to maintain good relations
with foreign governments and non-governmental financial agencies.
As a result we included ours bills for approvals with the co-operation
of some officials at the Department of Finance and the Reserve
Bank of South Africa (RBSA). We are seeking your assistance as
the beneficiary of the unclaimed funds, since we are not allowed
to operate a foreign account. 

I have the authority of my colleagues involved to propose that,
should you be willing to assist us in this transaction your share
as compensation will be 25% while my colleagues and I receive 70%, and
the balance of 5% for taxes and miscellaneous expenses incurred.
It does not matter whether or not your company does contract
projects of the nature described here. The assumption is that
your company won the major contract and subcontracted it to other
companies. More often than not, big trading companies and firms
of unrelated fields wins major contracts and subcontract to more
specialized firms for execution. 

I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not
disappoint me. Endeavor to contact me immediately through my
 e-mail address above,to indicate whether or not you are interested in this
deal. If
you are not, it will enable me scout for another foreign partner
to carry out this deal.I want to assure you that my partners
and myself are in a position to make the payment of this claim
possible provided you can give us a very strong assurance and
guarantee that our share will be secured.It is important that
you treat this matter with utmost confidentiality as any form
of exposure will negatively affect us since we are still in active
Government Service. 

Also your area of specialization is not a hindrance to the successful
execution of this transaction.I have reposed my confidence in
you and hope that you will not disappoint us. 

Kindly notify me for further details, upon your acceptance
of this proposal. 

Regards, 

Engr.Makalele Johnson


================================================== 
Single?  Not for long.  Find your dream lover at 

http://www.wheresinglesmeet.com/default.asp?ref=2000


</p>

</body></html>