<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="AWAITING FOR YOUR URGENT RESPONSE.." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;harrison ken&quot; &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="harrison ken &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.communicationevolved.com/en-za/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-17T11:40:04Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mr_harrisonkenprivatebox6@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY116-F3429844C1F08F8DBD5E77DE2510@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mr_harrisonkenprivatebox6@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="AWAITING FOR YOUR URGENT RESPONSE.." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="17 Apr 2007 11:40:08.0262 (UTC) FILETIME=[26599660:01C780E5]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Tue, 17 Apr 2007 04:40:08 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY116-F3429844C1F08F8DBD5E77DE2510@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;harrison ken&quot; &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="harrison ken &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;harrison ken&quot; &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="harrison ken &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-17T11:40:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-17T11:40:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="17 Apr 2007 11:40:08.0262 (UTC) FILETIME=[26599660:01C780E5]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 17 07:40:19 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt; Tue, 17 Apr 2007 04:40:08 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="harrison ken" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;harrison ken&quot; &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="harrison ken &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3645" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="harrison ken &lt;harrisonken_bb@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY116-F3429844C1F08F8DBD5E77DE2510@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>AWAITING FOR YOUR URGENT RESPONSE..</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From The Office of The Director of
International Relation,Access Bank Plc
22 Marina Street,Marina
Lagos-Nigeria

Dear,

Please permit me to introduce my humble self to you. I am  Mr. Harrison Ken 
the Director of International Relation with Access Bank of Nigeria Limited. 
I 'm 47yrs old and I got your email address on the Chambers of Commerce 
address list and my confidence reposed on you to contact you. I hope you 
read this message Carefully and reply me immediately,although we have not 
met before but I suggest that this transaction will bring us together.

My dear, we have a customer from a your country but base here in Nigeria 
since over a decade now, his name is Mr. Hamilton Creek from Atlanta Georgia 
United State of America but reside here with his wife and his two children. 
Mr. Hamilton Has being banking with our bank for the past 4yrs some time 
October 2002. On 12th of August 2003 Mr. Hamilton was on his way to his 
house and unfortunately he ran into a Trailer truck load of Groundnut Oil 
and died immediately. Their car got burnt and Mr. Hamilton Creek and His 
entire family was confirmed died which no single soul was saved.

The Board of Directors and the Management of Access Bank has mandated and 
Instructed me to look for Mr. Hamilton Creek relatives/his Next of Kin to 
come and claim Mr.Hamilton's Fund. Since August 2003 till date I have been 
looking for Mr.

Hamilton Creek Relatives/Next of Kin to come and claim Mr. Hamilton's Fund 
which he Deposited with our bank. I have made a frantic effort to contact 
the American Embassy and after 3days the Ambassador told me that Mr. 
Hamilton Creek has no relation and no next of Kin.The Ambassador also told 
me that Mr. Hamilton used his first son as His next of kin but it is quite
unfortunate that Mr. Hamilton Creek died with all his family members. The 
reason why I contacted you is this, Mr. Hamilton is dead and his only son 
whom supposed to inherit his properties and money also died With him.

As at this moment, nobody or person[s] is coming to claim this Money from 
our bank. The board directors and management of our  bank has told me that 
if nobody or person[s] apply for the claim of Mr. Hamilton's Fund, the bank 
will decleared Mr.

Hamilton's Fund as unclaimed and it will send into the Federal Government of 
Nigeria Reserve Account, In order to avert this, I want you to stand as the 
Relation/relative of Late Mr. Hamilton Creek and to act as the Hamilton's  
relative so that late Mr. Hamilton Creek money which he deposited with our 
bank will be release to you. It might interest you  to know that Mr. 
Hamilton has a Domiciliary Bank Account with our Bank and he has a total sum 
of US$52Million (Fifty two Million

United States Dollars) and it is the exact amount which late Mr. Hamilton 
Creek has in his domiciliary Account  and this money is still in his account 
as unclaimed money.

This transaction is very easy and simple and it is 100% risk free. I'm the 
Director of International Relations with Access  Bank of Nigeria Limited and 
the management/Board of Directors of the Bank are waiting for me to present 
to them the Relation or next of Kin to late Mr. Hamilton Creek, which I told 
them that I am still searching the next of kin to the deceased.

Finally, if you are interested with this transaction, I will present you to 
the bank as the only next of kin to late Mr, Hamilton Creek and I will let 
the bank to know that you are the only right person to inherit Late Mr. 
Hamilton Funds and  properties, and his Money US$52M(fIifty two Million 
United States Dollars) will be transferred into Your Own  Account as late 
Mr. Hamilton Creek next of kin.

Please if you are interested, Just email  me on my direct private and 
secured Email Address for immediate commencement so that late Mr. Hamilton 
Funds will be credited Into your Account and all his Properties will be 
released to you either Through

Courier Services or the Bank will Cargo all his properties to You in any 
were you want it.
So reply me immediately and let me know what your decision and also feel 
free to ask any questions. Meanwhile we will share Late Mr. Hamilton Creek 
Funds 50-50 which you will take 50% of the US$52M. which is amounting to 
US$26M, (Twenty Six Million United States Dollars, while the Balance of the 
same amount will be mine.

I will be waiting for your Immediate response,

Thanks and have a nice day.

Friendly Regards

Mr. Harrison Ken.

_________________________________________________________________
Message offline contacts without any fire risk! 
http://www.communicationevolved.com/en-za/



</p>

</body></html>