<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="DEAR  BENEFICIARY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-18T14:06:23Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginatingIP" content="216.250.221.189 (david@bos-uk.info)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="atmcreditdepartmentofcbn@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="atmcreditdepartmentofcbn@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DEAR  BENEFICIARY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originatingip" content="216.250.221.189 (david@bos-uk.info)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070418140623.M33913@bos-uk.info&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-18T14:06:23Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-18T14:06:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;david@bos-uk.info&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="OpenWebMail 2.52 20061019" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="BENEFICIARY." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Apr 18 10:07:53 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;david@bos-uk.info&gt; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070418140623.M33913@bos-uk.info&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="OpenWebMail 2.52 20061019" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3650" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070418140623.M33913@bos-uk.info&gt;" />
<title>DEAR  BENEFICIARY</title>
</head>
<body><p>OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF OPERATION
INTERNATIONAL CREDIT SETTLEMENT,
CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA

ATTENTION: BENEFICIARY.

THIS IS TO OFFICIALLY INFORM YOU THAT WE HAVE VERIFIED YOUR CONTRACT/ 
INHERITANCE FILE AND FOUND OUT THAT WHY YOU HAVE NOT RECEIVED YOUR PAYMENT IS 
BECAUSE YOU HAVE NOT FULFILED THE OBLIGATIONS GIVEN TO YOU IN RESPECT OF YOUR 
CONTRACT/INHERITANCE PAYMENT.
SECONDLY WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED THAT YOU ARE STILL DEALING WITH THE NONE 
OFFICIALS IN THE BANK,AND ALL YOUR ATTEMPT TO SECURE THE RELEASE OF YOUR FUND 
PROVED ABORTIVE. WE WISH TO ADVISE YOU THAT SUCH AN ILLEGAL ACT LIKE THIS 
HAVE TO STOP IF YOU WISH TO RECEIVE YOUR PAYMENT SINCE WE HAVE DECIDED TO 
BRING A SOLUTION TO YOUR PROBLEM. RIGHT NOW WE HAVE ARRANGED YOUR PAYMENT 
THROUGH OUR SWIFT CARD PAYMENT CENTER HERE IN CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA, THAT 
IS THE LATEST INSTRUCTION FROM MR. PRESIDENT,CHIEF OLUSEGUN OBASANJO (GCFR) 
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA,AND ECONOMIC &amp; FINANCIAL CRIMES COMMISSION(EFCC) 
NIGERIA.

THIS OFFICE WILL  SEND TO YOU AN ATM CARD WHICH YOU WILL USE TO WITHDRAW YOUR 
MONEY IN ANY ATM MACHINE IN ANY PART OF THE WORLD, BUT THE MAXIMUM IS SEVEN 
THOUSAND DOLLARS PER DAY, SO PROVIDE THE BELOW INFORMATION TO THIS OFFICE.

1. YOUR FULL NAME

2. PHONE AND FAX NUMBER

3. ADDRESS WHERE YOU WOULD LIKE TO RECEIVE THE ATM CARD.

4. YOUR AGE AND CURRENT OCCUPATION

KINDLY CONTACT THIS OFFICE, THE ATM PAYMENT DEPARTMENT(CBN).
atmcreditdepartmentofcbn@yahoo.com
ACCOUNT OFFICER MR. LEO STEVE

THIS OFFICE HAS BEEN MANDATED TO ISSUE OUT ATMCARD VALUED $5,500,000.00 AS 
INITIAL PAYMENT FOR THIS FISCAL YEAR 2007. NOTE THAT BECAUSE OF IMPOSTORS, WE 
HEREBY ISSUE YOU OUR CODE OF CONDUCT, WHICH IS (ATM-Y2K6) SO YOU HAVE TO 
INDICATE THIS CODE WHEN CONTACTING THIS OFFICE BY USING IT AS YOUR SUBJECT.

KIND REGARDS,
ALHAJI MUSA S.D.BELLO
HEAD AUDITOR INTERNATIONAL CREDIT SETTLEMENT
CBN. 


</p>

</body></html>