<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE CONFIRM RECEIPT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk bring you into the complete picture of this pending" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE CONFIRM RECEIPT" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk bring you into the complete picture of this pending" />
<meta name="creator" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk bring you into the complete picture of this pending" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Fri, 8 Aug 2003 08:41:39 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Aug  8 08:41:43 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Fri, 8 Aug 2003 08:41:39 -0400 (EDT) I am George Ineh a member of a special committee" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="bring you into the complete picture of this pending" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk bring you into the complete picture of this pending" />
<meta name="Author" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-363" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="g_ineh@tiscali.co.uk" />
<title>PLEASE CONFIRM RECEIPT</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dr George Ineh
10 Broad Street Road
Ikoyi, Lagos.
Tel : 234 17767344
American Internet Fax: 1775-307-0634



REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE.

Grace, Peace And Love From This Part Of Atlantic To
You

I must sincerely solicit your strictest confidence in
this transaction, this is by virtue of it's nature as
being utterly confidential and top secret. What I
am about to divulge to you in this mail is top
secret and if it offends or does not meet with your
business ethics, I crave your indulgence.

 I am George Ineh a member of a special committee
set up by the present civilian Government of
Nigeria. We are saddled with the task of auditing the
Accounts of government parastatals and ministries for
the last ten years.

In the course of our work at the committee, we discovered
this fund which resulted from gross re-valuation of
contracts by top government officials of the last
Administration. The companies that executed the
Contracts have been duly paid and the contracts
Commissioned leaving the sum of US$15.6 Million
floating in the escrow account of the Central Bank of
Nigeria ready for payment.

I have therefore been mandated as a matter of trust by
my colleagues in the committee to look for an overseas
partner to whom we could transfer the sum of US$15.6M
Legally subcontracting the entitlement to you/your
company. This is bearing in mind that our civil
service code of conduct forbids us from owning
foreign company or running foreign account while in
government service hence the need for an overseas
partner.

We have agreed that the funds will be shared after it
has been paid into your nominated account based on
each parties negotiation upon your acceptance and
willingness to assist us in this transaction. We have
also agreed that our own share of the fund will be
used for importation business in conjunction with you
as we can not bring back cash to Nigeria.

All logistics are in place and all modalities worked
out for the smooth conclusion of the transaction
within ten to fourteen days of commencement after
receipt of the following information: Your full
name/ company name, address, company's details &amp;
activities, telephone &amp; fax numbers.

These information will enable us make the applications
and lodge claims to the concerned ministries &amp;
agencies in favor of your company and it is pertinent
to state here that this transaction is entirely based
on trust as the solar bank draft or certified cheque
drawable in any of the Central Bank of Nigeria
correspondent bankers in America, Asia and Europe is
going to be made in your name. In order to move forward
quickly, please respond to me by Tel:234 17767344,
American Internet Fax:1775-307-0634
(This number was acquired for confidentiality) so I can
 bring you into the complete picture of this pending
project and provide more information as to the successful conclusion of
this project. The best response, however, would be by telephone,
so we can discuss fully all issues
needed to complete this venture in good time, and
successfully.

I await your prompt and positive response to this
business proposal thank you and God bless.

Yours Faithfully,

DR George Ineh.


</p>

</body></html>