<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="nl" />
<meta name="subject" content="MUTUAL PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="nl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MUTUAL PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;fd0ede4fd0fa38.fd0fa38fd0ede4@planet.nl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 Thu, 19 Apr 2007 23:33:45 +0200 (MEST) 19 Apr 2007 23:33:36 +0200 (MEST)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;fd0ede4fd0fa38.fd0fa38fd0ede4@planet.nl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="creator" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="nl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 19 Apr 2007 23:33:36 +0200 (MEST)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;maste69@planet.nl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 2.02 (built Oct 21 2004)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Apr 19 17:33:56 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="nl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;maste69@planet.nl&gt; Thu, 19 Apr 2007 23:33:45 +0200 (MEST) =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="Author" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 2.02 (built Oct 21 2004)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3654" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="maste69@planet.nl" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;fd0ede4fd0fa38.fd0fa38fd0ede4@planet.nl&gt;" />
<title>MUTUAL PARTNERSHIP.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

I am Mr. Stark William, the senior credit officer of NATWEST BANK PLC.I
have three more months in this office and as such i am informing you 
for a reliable partner concerning a project in this bank which will be 
of  
great benefit to our families.

After the United States and Iraqi war, our client Hatem Kamil Abdul
Fatah who was the deputy governor of Baghdad in Iraq and also business
man made a numbered fixed deposit for 12 calendar months, with a value
of £25,000,000 (Twenty Five Million British Pounds) only in my  
branch.Upon maturity several notices were sent to him, even in the  
first quater of this year.

Again another notification was sent and still no response came
from him. We later found out that the Deputy Governor has been
assasinated in Baghdad.

The websites below is a proof and verification of the news about his
death:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/world/middle_east/3970619.stm
http://www.uslaboragainstwar.org/article.php?id=6979

After further investigation it was also discovered that Hatem Kamil
Abdul Fatah did not declare any next of kin in his official papers
including the paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in
me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his
deposit in my bank.So,the said amount is still lying in my bank as no  
one will come forward to claim it.

Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as 
a neutral person to stand in as the next of kin to Hatem Kamil Abdul
Fatah so that you will beable to receive his funds with my aid as the
insider.

THE PREREQUISITE OF THIS PROJECT:
I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we
come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will prepare the
necessary documents that will back you up as the next of kin to Hatem
Kamil Abdul Fatah,all that is required from you NOW is for you to
provide me with your :

1.Full Names

2.Complete residential Address

so that the attorney can prepare the documents with your name.
After you have been made the next of kin,the attorney will also file in
for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approvals and letter
of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that
will be provided by you.

There are no risks involved in the matter as we are going adopt a
legalized method and the attorney will prepare all necessary documents.
Please endeavour to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning
this issue.

Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank
account we shall share in the ratio of 60% for me, 40% for you. 
Should  
you be interested, please send me your full particulars including 
your  
private phone and/or fax numbers for easy communication,and i will  
provide you with more details of this operation as well as my  
particulars.
.
Email:starkmail@yahoo.ie

I AWAIT AN EMAIL IN RESPONSE TO THE ABOVE PROPOSAL.

Kind Regards,
Mr.Stark William.




</p>

</body></html>