<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="DEAR FRIEND" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ali abdulahi&quot; &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ali abdulahi &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-20T12:52:41Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="aliabdulahi78963@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY112-F9C4BEAE41434BCC82524083560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="aliabdulahi78963@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DEAR FRIEND" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="20 Apr 2007 12:52:45.0597 (UTC) FILETIME=[CAC364D0:01C7834A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Fri, 20 Apr 2007 05:52:45 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY112-F9C4BEAE41434BCC82524083560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ali abdulahi&quot; &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ali abdulahi &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ali abdulahi&quot; &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ali abdulahi &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-20T12:52:41Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-20T12:52:41Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="20 Apr 2007 12:52:45.0597 (UTC) FILETIME=[CAC364D0:01C7834A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Apr 20 08:52:57 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt; Fri, 20 Apr 2007 05:52:45 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ali abdulahi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ali abdulahi&quot; &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ali abdulahi &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3656" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ali abdulahi &lt;aliabdulahi987@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY112-F9C4BEAE41434BCC82524083560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>DEAR FRIEND</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR ALIABDULAHI (ESQ)
TH HEAD OF FILE DEPARTMENT, IN BANK
OF AFRICA(B.O.A) OUAGADOUGOU
BURKINA-FASO WEST AFRICA.


US$10.5M (TEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS) 
REMITTANCE OF
CONFIDENTIAL IS THE CASE")

COMLIMENTS OF THE SEASON 2007,
I AM (MR ALIABDULAHI(ESQ)HEAD OF FILE DEPARTMENT &amp; DEBT RECOVERING IN( BANK 
OF AFRICA)  OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA-FASO WEST AFRICA. FIRST, I MUST SOLICIT YOUR 
CONFIDENCE IN THIS TRANSACTION?

THIS IS BY VIRTUE OF ITS NATURE AS BEING  UTTERLY CONFIDENTIAL AND TOP 
SECRET.
HOWEVER AFTER SERIES OF PETITION WAS RECIEVED BY THIS PRESENT REGIME FROM 
FOREIGN CONTRACTORS AND INABILITY OF THE BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A)TO FULFILL 
THEIR OBLIGATION FOR THE PAYMENT TO ITS FOREIGN CREDITORS, IN CONJUNCTION 
WITH THE COUNCIL OF MINISTERS, THEY MANDATED US TO CARRY OUT A CAREFUL AND 
COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF ALL OVERDUE PAYMENTS TO FOREIGN CONTRACTORS AND TO 
EFFECT PAYMENTS IMMEDIATELY.

DURING THE ABOVE MENTIONED PROCESS, WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF 
US$10.5M (TEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS )IN AN 
ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMER (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER 
FROM MUNICH, GERMANY) WHO DIED ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY IN A PLANE CRASH 
THAT HAPPENED ON (MONDAY 31 JULY 2000).SINCE WE GOT INFORMATION ABOUT HIS 
DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING HIS NEXT OF KIN TO COME OVER AND CLAIM HIS 
MONEY BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE IT UNLESS SOME BODY APPLIES FOR IT AS NEXT 
OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED AS INDICATED IN OUR BANKING GUIDELINES 
AND LAWS BUT ALONG SIDE UNFORTUNATELY WE LEARNT THAT ALL HIS SUPPOSED NEXT 
OF KIN OR RELATION DIED  WITH HIM AT THE PLANE CRASH LEAVING NOBODY BEHIND 
FOR THE CLAIM.

PLANE CRASH WEB SITE...http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

IT IS THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT I AND OTHER OFFICIALS IN MY 
DEPARTMENT
NOW DECIDED TO MAKE THIS BUSINESS PROPOSAL TO YOU AND RELEASE THE MONEY TO 
YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND SUBSEQUENT 
DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT AND WE DON'T WANT THIS MONEY TO 
GO INTO THE BANK TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED BILL.

I AGREE THAT 40% OF THIS MONEY WILL BE FOR YOU AS A FOREIGN PARTNER, IN 
RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF A FOREIGN ACCOUNT,AND 50% WOULD BE FOR ME, WHILE 
10% WILL BE FOR EXPENSES INCURE DURING THE TRANSACTION. THERE AFTER I WILL 
VISIT YOUR COUNTRY FOR DISBURSEMENT ACCORDING TO THE PERCENTAGE 
INDICATED.THEREFORE, TO ENABLE THE IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF THIS FUND TO YOU AS 
ARRANGED, YOU MUST APPLY FIRST TO THE BANK AS RELATION OR NEXT OF KIN OF THE 
DECEASED INDICATING YOUR BANK NAME, YOUR BANK ACCOUNT NUMBER, YOUR PRIVATE 
TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER FOR EASY AND EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION AND LOCATION 
WHEREIN THE MONEY WILL BE REMITTED.

UPON THE RECEIPT OF YOUR REPLY, I WILL SEND TO YOU A SPECIMEN OF APPLICATION 
WHICH YOU WILL FORWARD TO THE PAYING BANK INTRODUCING YOURSELF AND AT THE 
SAME TIME INTRUCTING BANK TO EFFECT THE RELEASE OF THE FUND INTO YOUR 
ACCOUNT, IWILL NOT FAIL TO BRING TO YOUR NOTICE THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 
HICH-FREE?
THAT YOU SHOULD NOT ENTERTAIN ANY ATOM OF FEAR AS ALL REQUIRED ARRANEMENT 
HAVE BEEN MADE FOR THE TRANSFER
..
YOU SHOULD CONTACT ME IMMIDIATELY AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE WITH 
MY PRIVATE MAIL ADDRESS FOR MORE IMFORMATION,
THANK FOR YOUR CO-OPERATION
YOUR SINCERELY
MR ALIABDULAHI(ESQ)

_________________________________________________________________
Testez Windows Live Mail Beta ! http://www.ideas.live.com/



</p>

</body></html>