<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="ib_niabba9@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ibrahim niabba&quot; &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ibrahim niabba &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/world/middle_east/3970619.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.uslaboragainstwar.org/article.php?id=6979" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ib_niabba9@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-20T13:46:00Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="niabba_ibrahim@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY101-F269A22E3298DC3EF5483D5A5560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="niabba_ibrahim@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="20 Apr 2007 13:46:05.0741 (UTC) FILETIME=[3E329DD0:01C78352]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Fri, 20 Apr 2007 06:46:05 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY101-F269A22E3298DC3EF5483D5A5560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[ib_niabba9@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ibrahim niabba&quot; &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ibrahim niabba &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ibrahim niabba&quot; &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ibrahim niabba &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-20T13:46:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So," />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-20T13:46:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-death" content="" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="20 Apr 2007 13:46:05.0741 (UTC) FILETIME=[3E329DD0:01C78352]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="ib_niabba9@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Apr 20 09:46:07 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[ib_niabba9@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt; Fri, 20 Apr 2007 06:46:05 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ibrahim niabba" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ibrahim niabba&quot; &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ibrahim niabba &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3657" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ibrahim niabba &lt;ib_niabba9@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY101-F269A22E3298DC3EF5483D5A5560@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend.

Good Day,

I am Mr NIABBA IBRAHIM, Senior Credit Officer of AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
ANNEX BURKINA FASO.Here is a 100% concealed and  mutually profitable 
business proposal for you. After the United States  and Iraqi war, our 
client Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah who was the deputy governor of Baghdad in 
Iraq and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 12 calendar 
months, with a value of ten million five hundred thausand usd only in my 
branch.Upon maturity several notices were sent to him, even in the first 
quater of this year.Again another notification was sent and still no 
response came from him. We later found out that the Deputy Governor has been 
assasinated in Baghdad.
The websites below is a proof  and verification of the news about his  
death:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/world/middle_east/3970619.stm
http://www.uslaboragainstwar.org/article.php?id=6979

After further investigation it was also discovered that Hatem Kamil Abdul 
Fatah did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the 
paper  work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he 
  was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So, 
ten million five hundred usd$ is still lying in my bank and no one will ever 
come forward to claim it. Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is 
that I will like you as a neutral person to stand in as the next of kin to 
Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah so that you will be able to receive his funds with 
my aid as the insider. THE PREREQUISITE OF THIS PROJECT:I want you to know 
that I have had everything planned out so that we come out successful.all 
that is required from you NOW is  for you to provide me with your Full Names 
and Address so that i can prepare the documents with your name. After you 
have been made the next of kin,you will also file in for claims on your and 
secure the necessary approvals and letter of probate to enable the bank move 
the funds to an account that will be provided by you.

There are no risks involved in the matter as we are going to adopt a  
legalized method and all necessary documents will be prepared by the bank 
for easy movement iof the fund into your account.Please endeavour to observe 
utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue.Once the funds have 
been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio 
of 60% for me, 30% for you and 10% for any expenses incurred during the 
course of this peration.Should you be interested, please send me your full 
particulars including your private phone and/or fax numbers for easy 
communication,and i will provide you with more details of this operation as 
well as my particulars.

I wait your respond
Kind Regards,
Mr. NIABBA IBRAHIM
private email: niabba_ibrahim@yahoo.co.uk

_________________________________________________________________
FREE pop-up blocking with the new MSN Toolbar - get it now! 
http://toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>