<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE KINDLY GET BACK TO ME." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Michael Stevens Junior.&quot; &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Michael Stevens Junior. &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="marksteven301@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-11T00:49:25Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="markstevens301@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="ad019be4-a42c-448d-86d8-9acccf8a00d2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="markstevens301@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE KINDLY GET BACK TO ME." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200308110050.h7B0oDCB028583@cs.CU&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Michael Stevens Junior.&quot; &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Michael Stevens Junior. &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Michael Stevens Junior.&quot; &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Michael Stevens Junior. &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-11T00:49:25Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-11T00:49:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 10 Aug 2003 20:50:23 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Aug 10 20:50:26 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Sun, 10 Aug 2003 20:50:23 -0400 (EDT) URGENT ASSISTANCE NEEDED" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200308110050.h7B0oDCB028583@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Michael Stevens Junior." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Michael Stevens Junior.&quot; &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Michael Stevens Junior. &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-364" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Michael Stevens Junior. &lt;marksteven301@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200308110050.h7B0oDCB028583@cs.CU&gt; " />
<title>PLEASE KINDLY GET BACK TO ME.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>
ATTN:
            URGENT ASSISTANCE NEEDED
You may be surprise to receive this Email from me since you do not know me
personally.
However, I would like to introduce myself. I am Michael Stevens Junior, the
son of Doctor. Simon Stevens. Who was murdered few months ago in Zimbabwe,
as a result of land dispute? Before the death of my father (Dr. Stevens), he
had taken me to Amsterdam and deposit the sum of Fifteen Million United
States dollars (US$15,000,000) in a security company, as he foresaw the
looming danger in Zimbabwe. The money in question was deposited in a box as
Gemstones to avoid much demurrage from the security company. The proposed
amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the
farms and establishment of new farms on Swaziland. As you may be aware this
land problem came into force when Zimbabwe president Mr. Robert Mugabe
Introduced the Land Reformed Act of which my father rich farmers and some
black farmers where affected. This resulted to the killing and Mob action by
Zimbabwe war veterans and some lunatics in the society, a lot of people were
killed because of this Land reformed act of which my dad was one of the
victims. It is against this background that my family and Iaugustim who are
currently staying in Amsterdam decided to transfer my father's money to a
foreign account. Since the Dutch law prohibit a refugee (asylum seeker) to
open any account or be involved in any financial transaction. As
The eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking
a genuine foreign account where the money could be transferred. I am faced
with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in Holland for the fear
of going through the same experience in future since both countries have
similar history. Moreover, The Netherlands foreign exchange policy does not
allow such investment from asylum seekers. I humbly solicit for your
assistance in the following:
1) Pay a short working day visit to Amsterdam the Netherlands so that we see
face to face, Have a table talk that would create confidence in me that the
funds will be safe in your hands and have an agreement from an advocate,
which will be duly and legally sign in his chambers before taken any step in
this transaction.
2) Get the entire necessary document regarding this transaction and claim
the boxes from the security company, open an account in your name with a
local bank here and deposit the money for onward transfer to your designated
account in overseas.
3) Make a good arrangement for investment and do invest the money for me, I
am willing to give you some percentage for your assistance on this, and I
offer you 15%. 5% for any expenses, including your telephone calls and any
other expenses that may arise during this process. 80% would be invested and
you get your wages monthly for managing the funds. Contact me on the above
Email, provide me with your telephone and fax number so we can discuss
further and a chance for you to ask me any question you may have in mind,
while you maintain the absolute secrecy required in the transaction.
Please kindly get back to me with your detail contacts.
Sincere Regards,
Michael Stevens Junior.
</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>