<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-6.occupation" content="......................................" />
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY  CONFIDENTIAL PLEASE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;adamu ismaler&quot; &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="adamu ismaler &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-3.nationality" content="..................................." />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-23T22:34:25Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="adamu_ismaler2007@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY121-F1972C75030A9C2FE8177BF804B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="adamu_ismaler2007@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY  CONFIDENTIAL PLEASE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="23 Apr 2007 22:34:29.0692 (UTC) FILETIME=[8E76DFC0:01C785F7]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 23 Apr 2007 15:34:29 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY121-F1972C75030A9C2FE8177BF804B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;adamu ismaler&quot; &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="adamu ismaler &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;adamu ismaler&quot; &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="adamu ismaler &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-23T22:34:25Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-23T22:34:25Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-2.address" content="......................................." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="23 Apr 2007 22:34:29.0692 (UTC) FILETIME=[8E76DFC0:01C785F7]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Apr 23 20:44:22 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt; Mon, 23 Apr 2007 15:34:29 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="adamu ismaler" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;adamu ismaler&quot; &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="adamu ismaler &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3663" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="adamu ismaler &lt;adamu_ismaler01@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY121-F1972C75030A9C2FE8177BF804B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-4.age" content="............................................." />
<title>I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY  CONFIDENTIAL PLEASE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF DR.ADAMU  ISMALER
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING MANAGER,
BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A)
OUAGADOUGOU-BURKINA FASO.
BANK WEBSITE:www.bkofafrica.net

Dear Friend,

I am the manager of auditing and accounting department of BANK OF AFRICA 
(B.O.A) here in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. In my department we discovered an 
abandoned sum of US$20.5m dollars (Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand US 
dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer (MR. 
RICHARD BURSON from Florida, U.S.A) who died along with his entire family on 
November 1999 in a plane crash.For more informations about the crash you can 
visit this site: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/502503.stm

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of 
kin to come over and claim his money because we can not release it unless 
some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as 
indicated in our banking guidlings and laws but unfortunately we learnt that 
all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the 
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this 
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you,so that 
the money can be release to you as the next of kin or relation to the 
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody will come for 
it and we don't want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed 
dormant fund.

The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after eight years the money will be transfered into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed dormant fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin 
in this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a 
foreigner and a Burkinabe like me can not stand as next of kin to a 
foreigner.

I agreed that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the 
provision of a foriegn account ,10% will be set aside for expenses incurred 
during the business and 60% would be for me.Thereafter, I will visit your 
country for disbursement according to the percentage indicated Therefore, to 
enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you arranged,you must apply 
first to the bank as relation or next of kin to the deceased customer with a 
text of application that i will send to you,but before i send to you the 
text of application form,I will like you to send me the following 
informatios

1.NAME IN FULL:................................
2.ADDRESS:.......................................
3.NATIONALITY:...................................
4.AGE:.............................................
5.Sex..............................................
6.OCCUPATION:......................................
7.MARITAL STATUS:..................................
8.PRIAVTE PHONE NO............................................
9.PRIVATE FAX NO:.............................................

so i will like you to send to me those informations for easy and effective 
communication.
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of 
the application form.I will not fail to bring to your notice that this 
transaction is hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear 
as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should 
contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter,if only you are 
intrested and ready to help.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.

Yours Faithfully,
DR...ADAMU  ISMALER
MANAGER AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING DEPARTMENT
BANK OF AFRICA

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : discutez en direct avec vos amis ! 
http://www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>