<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="jj_frank1119@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="REPLY IMMEDIATELY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Frank Jewell" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="frank jewell &lt;jj_frank1119@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jj_frank1119@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-22T00:02:15Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="f_frank0013@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY121-F309D1C23D95D9BF69D6398E8540@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="f_frank0013@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REPLY IMMEDIATELY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="22 Apr 2007 00:02:15.0882 (UTC) FILETIME=[7C8832A0:01C78471]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Sat, 21 Apr 2007 17:02:15 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY121-F309D1C23D95D9BF69D6398E8540@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[jj_frank1119@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="Frank Jewell" />
<meta name="creator" content="frank jewell &lt;jj_frank1119@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Frank Jewell" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="frank jewell &lt;jj_frank1119@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-22T00:02:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-22T00:02:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jj_frank1119@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="22 Apr 2007 00:02:15.0882 (UTC) FILETIME=[7C8832A0:01C78471]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="jj_frank1119@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Apr 21 20:02:31 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[jj_frank1119@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jj_frank1119@hotmail.com&gt; Sat, 21 Apr 2007 17:02:15 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="frank jewell" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Frank Jewell" />
<meta name="Author" content="frank jewell &lt;jj_frank1119@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3668" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="frank jewell &lt;jj_frank1119@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY121-F309D1C23D95D9BF69D6398E8540@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>REPLY IMMEDIATELY</title>
</head>
<body><p>



From:Frank Jewell
Smith &amp; Williamson
Private Banking Services
Riding House
Extension,
London, Uk

Dear Friend,

I am Mr. Frank Jewell, the accounting officer-in charge of the Private
investment section of the above named Finance house. I have decided to
contact you on a business Transfer that requires confidentiality, trust
and transparency,where both of us have a lot to Benefit, during my
investigation and auditing in the Accounts section, my department came
across a huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person, a foreigner
who died On January 7, 2005 in a auto crash.

This Fund has been dormant in his account in the private investment
dept without any claim to this fund in our custody, either From his family
or relation. The said amount is (7.5 million pounds)which is about
($15million US Dollars) As it might interest you to know, I got your contact
through international business enquiry and my search for a trust worthy
business partner that can handle a business of this magnitude. Meanwhile all
arrangement to put claim to this fund in Your name as the bonafide next
of kin to the deceased,And get the  required approval to transfer this
money to a foreign account, have been put in place.

While The next line of action to conclude this transaction In the next
10 working days, will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your
interest in this Transaction.I must also inform you that upon the completion 
of
this Transaction, you will be entitled to 40% of the total Sum as
gratification, for your role and assistance, While the balance will be for 
me as the
owner of the funds. Please, you have been advised to keep this to your self
since I am still in service and intend to Retire after I conclude this
project.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here until you confirm the
money in your account. Then, immediately, I shall come down to the country 
of
your nominated account for subsequent sharing of the Funds according to
percentages previously indicated and further investment.

Please use this email address for security reasons:
f_jewell0013@yahoo.co.uk

Yours faithfully,
Mr. Frank Jewell

_________________________________________________________________
Get a FREE Web site, company branded e-mail and more from Microsoft Office 
Live! http://clk.atdmt.com/MRT/go/mcrssaub0050001411mrt/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>