<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="benja_ame024@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM  AME  BENJAMIN." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;benjamin ame&quot; &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="benjamin ame &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="benja_ame024@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-24T07:30:07Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ame7_benjamin@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY113-F1598601BB459B0236496C0D84A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ame7_benjamin@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM  AME  BENJAMIN." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="24 Apr 2007 07:30:08.0516 (UTC) FILETIME=[62B23C40:01C78642]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Tue, 24 Apr 2007 00:30:08 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY113-F1598601BB459B0236496C0D84A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[benja_ame024@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;benjamin ame&quot; &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="benjamin ame &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;benjamin ame&quot; &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="benjamin ame &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-24T07:30:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-24T07:30:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="24 Apr 2007 07:30:08.0516 (UTC) FILETIME=[62B23C40:01C78642]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="benja_ame024@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 24 03:30:11 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[benja_ame024@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt; Tue, 24 Apr 2007 00:30:08 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="benjamin ame" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;benjamin ame&quot; &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="benjamin ame &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3670" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="benjamin ame &lt;benja_ame024@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY113-F1598601BB459B0236496C0D84A0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>FROM  AME  BENJAMIN.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearerst,

I MAKE THIS APPEAL WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT ANY FACTS OR OPINION 
EXPRESSED BY ME ARE GIVING IN CONFIDENCE AND SOLELY FOR YOUR PERSONAL 
INFORMATION.I am DR.AME BENJAMIN,the manager of bill and exchange at the 
foreign remittance department  Bank of africa burkinafaso.

In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of US$8.5M, (Eight Million, 
Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars) with account number 14-2558-5976
that belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife 
and only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 
which crashed on 31 January, 2000. You shall read more about the crash on 
visiting this website:

http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

The Owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great 
industrialist and a resident of Alaska.It is therefore upon this discovery 
that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for our bank to 
release the money to you.
You have to follow the instruction which I will be send to you as the next 
of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and
subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and I don't want this 
money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transfered into the 
banktreasury as unclaimed fund. The money has now stayed more than three 
years and I am preparing documentaion to prove that this money has been
transfered to our bank treasury. It will be between me and you only that 
will know that the money is not transfered into our treasure.

This request of foreigner as next of kin in this transaction is occasioned 
by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabé cannot standas 
next of kin to a foreigner.In appreciation of your assistance, I am offering 
you 30% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of transfer/other 
charges) likely to be incurred during the course of transaction, while the 
remaining 65% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply,i will send to you by fax or email the text of 
the application which you will complete and forward to our bank asking for 
this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr;Morris Thomson. I will 
not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch-free and 
that you should not entertain any fear as all required arrangements have
been made for the transfer.You should contact me immediately as soon as you 
receive this mail through the above email.

PLEASE DO NOT HESITATE TO CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY SHOULD YOU CONSIDER MY
URGENT REQUEST.

Yours Faithfully,

DR.AME BENJAMIN

_________________________________________________________________
FREE pop-up blocking with the new MSN Toolbar - get it now! 
http://toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/



</p>

</body></html>