<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Warm Heart" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Hajia Maryam Abacha&quot; &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Hajia Maryam Abacha &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="maraba234@anfmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-11T08:01:12Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="hajiamaryam@libero.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="hajiamaryam@libero.it" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Warm Heart" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200308110903.h7B93FIo016324@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Hajia Maryam Abacha&quot; &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Hajia Maryam Abacha &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Hajia Maryam Abacha&quot; &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Hajia Maryam Abacha &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-11T08:01:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-11T08:01:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Mon, 11 Aug 2003 05:03:30 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug 11 05:03:35 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Mon, 11 Aug 2003 05:03:30 -0400 (EDT) you as security is up my whole being=2E The name of my son is" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200308110903.h7B93FIo016324@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Hajia Maryam Abacha" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Hajia Maryam Abacha&quot; &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Hajia Maryam Abacha &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-365" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Hajia Maryam Abacha &lt;maraba234@anfmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200308110903.h7B93FIo016324@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>Warm Heart</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Partner,
Following the sudden death of my husband General Sani
Abacha the late former head of state of Nigeria in June
1998, I have been thrown into a state of utter confusion,
frustration and hopelessness by the present civilian
administration, I have been subjected to physical and
psychological torture by the security agents in the country.
My son is still under detention arraigned before the federal
high court of Nigeria for an offernce he did not commit.
As a widow that is so traumatized, I have lost confidence
with anybody within the country.You must have heard over
the media reports and the internet on the recovery of various
huge sums of money deposited by my husband in different
security firms abroad, some companies willingly give up
their secrets and disclosed our money confidently lodged
there and many outrightly blackmail us. In fact the total
sum discovered by the Government so far is in the tune of
US$700.Million dollars. And they are not relenting to make
me poor for life. You may be surprise how I got to know but
I will tell you when you reply. I repose great confidence
in you hence my approach to you. due to security network
placed on my day to day affairs I cannot afford to visit
the embassy so that is why I decided to contact you and I
hope you will not betray my confidence in you. I have
deposited the sum of U.S 40.3 million dollars with a security
firm abroad whose name is witheld for now until we open
communication.I shall be grateful if you could receive this
fund into your account for safe keeping. This arrangement is
known to you and my son alone, my son will deal directly with
 you as security is up my whole being. The name of my son is
Mustapha. I am seriously considering tore-marry if you desire
as soon as this fund get into your account so that I can start
all over again with you if you wish, but if don‘t want to
marry me just help me in diverting this fund into your
account which will accrue you 30% of this fund.
Please honesty is the watch word in this transaction.
Please forward your private your telephone and fax number
so that we can commence communication immediately.
In case you don‘t accept please don‘t let me out to the security.
I will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith.Please expedite action.

Maryam A abacha











</p>

</body></html>