<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-errors-to" content="&lt;kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Dr Kenneth" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-24T13:03:40Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;kennethcolemailcom@thestudentzon.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kennethcolemailcom@thestudentzon.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="kennethcolemailcom@thestudentzon.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Errors-To" content="&lt;kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&lt;kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="The Student Zone Webmail &lt;http://www.thestudentzone.com/&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="kcole444@yahoo.co.uk&lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Dr Kenneth" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&lt;kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="The Student Zone Webmail &lt;http://www.thestudentzone.com/&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	Tue, 24 Apr 2007 14:04:15 +0100" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200704241304.l3OD3ee1000628@tuxbox1.maxetek.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html;	charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-24T13:03:40Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-24T13:03:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="&lt;br /&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 24 09:36:12 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com&gt; Tue, 24 Apr 2007 14:04:15 +0100" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200704241304.l3OD3ee1000628@tuxbox1.maxetek.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3672" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kennethcoleszmailcom@thestudentzonemail.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200704241304.l3OD3ee1000628@tuxbox1.maxetek.com&gt;" />
<title>From Dr Kenneth</title>
</head>
<body>Independent Committee of

Eminent Persons (ICEP),London.

Email:kcole444@yahoo.co.uk







ATTENTION:







I am a member of Independent Committee of Eminent Persons (ICEP),London.

ICEP is charged with the responsibility of finding bank accounts in Switzerland belonging to non-Swiss indigenes, which have remained dormant since World War II. 



It may interest you to know that in July of 1997, the Swiss Banker's Association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by non-Swiss citizens. 

These accounts had been dormant since the end of World War II (May 9, 1945). Most belonged to Holocaust victims.

The continuing efforts of the Independent Committee of Eminent Persons (ICEP)have since resulted in the discovery of additional dormant accounts -54 ,000 in December, 1999.



The published lists contain all types of dormant

accounts,including interest-bearing savings accounts,

securities accounts, safe deposit boxes, custody accounts, and non-interest-bearing transaction accounts.

Numbered accounts are also included.Interest is

paid on accounts that were interest bearing when established.

The Claims Resolution Tribunal (CRT) handles processing of all claims on accounts due non-Swiss citizens.

A dormant account of Hami Ramzy with a credit balance of 15,800,000 US dollar plus accumulated interest was discovered by me.



The beneficiary was murdered during the holocaust era, leaving no WILL and no possible records for trace of theirs.



The Claims Resolution Tribunal has been mandated to report all unclaimed funds for permanent closure of accounts and transfer of existing credit balance into the treasury of

Switzerland government as provided by the law for management of assets of deceased benefi ciaries who died interstate living no wills).

Being a top executive at ICEP, I have all secret details and necessary contacts for claim of the funds without any hitch. 

The funds will be banked in the Holland, London or Spain, being a safe for funds and we

can share the funds and use in investment of our choice.

Due to the sensitive nature of my job, 

I need a foreigner to HELP claim the funds.



All that is required is for you to provide me with your details for processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim documents for transfer of the funds to you.

Kindly provide me with your full name, address, and telephone/fax. 

For the fund to be transferred to a secure, numbered account in your name and country via any of the corresponding banks in London or Spain, of which you will be capable of accessing the funds gradually and transferring to your country and other banks of choice in the world. 

My share will be 60 percent and your share is 40 pe r cent of the total amount.



THERE IS NO RISK INVOLVED, The Holocaust Claims Processing Office has put funds in Escrow awaiting

submission of valid claims for necessary disbursement, I find myself privileged to have this information and this may be a great opportunity for a life time of success without risks.

Thanking you in anticipation for your prompt response.





Regards,

Dr Kenneth cole.





___________________________________

The Student Zone http://www.thestudentzone.com




</body></html>