<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mr_allahim2@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;abisha allahim&quot; &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abisha allahim &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3348109.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr_allahim2@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-04-25T23:58:24Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mr_a_allahim001@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY143-F91863B87FC5473BE77D49D1490@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mr_a_allahim001@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="25 Apr 2007 23:58:26.0041 (UTC) FILETIME=[9D303E90:01C78795]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 25 Apr 2007 16:58:26 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY143-F91863B87FC5473BE77D49D1490@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mr_allahim2@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;abisha allahim&quot; &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="abisha allahim &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;abisha allahim&quot; &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abisha allahim &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-04-25T23:58:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-04-25T23:58:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="25 Apr 2007 23:58:26.0041 (UTC) FILETIME=[9D303E90:01C78795]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mr_allahim2@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Apr 25 19:58:38 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mr_allahim2@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 25 Apr 2007 16:58:26 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="abisha allahim" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;abisha allahim&quot; &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="abisha allahim &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3675" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="abisha allahim &lt;mr_allahim2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY143-F91863B87FC5473BE77D49D1490@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>VERY URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR PARTNER,

I AM MR. ABISHA ALLAHIM, THE BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER AT THE FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE DEPARTMENT OF INTERNATIONAL BANK OF BURKINA (IBB) OUAGADOUGOU IN 
BURKINA FASO. WITH DUE RESPECT AND REGARDS, I HAVE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU ON 
A BUSINESS TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE VERY BENEFICIAL TO BOTH OF US AT THE END 
OF THE TRANSACTION.DURING MY INVESTIGATION AND AUDITING IN MY DEPARTMENT, I 
CAME ACROSS A VERY HUGE SUM OF MONEY BELONGING TO A DECEASED PERSON, A 
FOREIGNER WHO DIED IN A PLANE CRASH WITH HIS INTIRE FAMILY.

REPLY ONLY TO MY PRIVATE E-MAIL  mr_a_allahim001@yahoo.fr


THE FUND HAS BEEN IN HIS ACCOUNT WITH THE BANK WITHOUT ANY CLAIM OF THE FUND 
IN OUR CUSTODY EITHER FROM HIS FAMILY OR RELATION BEFORE OUR DISCOVERY TO 
THIS DEVELOPMENT.ALTHOUGH PERSONALLY, I KEPT THIS INFORMATION SECRET WITHIN 
MYSELF TO ENABLE THE WHOLE PLANS AND IDEA BE PROFITABLE AND SUCCESSFUL 
DURING THE TIME OF EXECUTION. THE AMOUNT INVOLVED IS USD$10.500,000 (TEN 
MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S DOLLARS.) MEANWHILE THE WHOLE ARRANGEMENT 
AND DIRECTIVES NEEDED TO PUT CLAIM OVER THIS FUND AS THE NEXT OF KIN TO THE 
DECEASED, WILL BE FORWARD TO YOU UPON YOUR ACCEPTANCE. INFORMATION WILL BE 
RELAYED TO YOU AS SOON AS YOU INDICATE YOUR INTEREST AND WILLINGNESS TO 
ASSIST ME AND ALSO BENEFIT YOURSELF TO THIS GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

IN FACT I COULD HAVE DONE THIS DEAL ALONE BUT BECAUSE OF MY POSITION IN THIS 
COUNTRY AS A CIVIL SERVANT, WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO OPERATE A FOREIGN ACCOUNT 
AND WOULD EVENTUALLY RAISE AN EYE BROW ON MY SIDE DURING THE TIME OF 
TRANSFER BECAUSE I WORK IN THIS BANK. THIS IS THE ACTUAL REASON WHY IT WILL 
REQUIRE A SECOND PARTY OR FELLOW WHO WILL FORWARD CLAIMS AS THE NEXT OF KIN 
TO THE BANK AND ALSO PRESENT A FOREIGN ACCOUNT WHERE HE
WILL NEED THE MONEY TO BE TRANSFERRED INTO ON HIS REQUEST AS IT MAY BE, 
AFTER DUE VERIFICATION AND CLARIFICATION TO DESIGNATED BANK ACCOUNT.

YOU CAN  SEE THE WEBSITE BELOW COVERING THE PLANE CRASH BY CNN &amp; BBC NEWS.

http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3348109.stm
I WILL NOT FAIL TO INFORM YOU THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 100% RISK FREE. ON 
SMOOTH CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION, YOU WILL BE ENTITLED TO 40% OF THE 
TOTAL SUM WHILE 60% WILL BE FOR ME. YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO KEEP TOP SECRET 
AS I AM STILL IN SERVICE AND INTEND TO RETIRE FROM SERVICE AFTER I CONCLUDE 
THIS DEAL WITH YOU.

I WILL BE MONITORING THE WHOLE SITUATION HERE IN THE BANK UNTIL YOU CONFIRM 
THE MONEY IN YOUR ACCOUNT AND ASK ME TO COME DOWN TO YOUR COUNTRY FOR 
SUBSEQUENT SHARING OF THE FUND ACCORDING TO PERCENTAGES PREVIOUSLY INDICATED 
AND FURTHER INVESTMENT, EITHER IN YOUR COUNTRY OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY YOU MAY 
ADVICE ME TO INVEST IN. ALL OTHER NECESSARY INFORMATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU 
WHEN I HEAR FROM YOU. I SUGGEST YOU GET BACK TO ME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE 
STATING YOUR WISH IN THIS DEAL.

PLEASE REPLY TO MY PRIVATE E-MAIL   mr_a_allahim001@yahoo.fr
BY INDICATING YOUR BANK ACCOUNT DETALS WHERE THE FUND WILL BE TRANSFERED TO. 
ALSO, SEND ME YOUR PRIVATE PHONE NUMBER FOR EASY COMMUNICATION.

BEST REGARD,
MR. ABISHA ALLAHIM

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger: appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/msger/default.asp



</p>

</body></html>