<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-price" content="$0.04" />
<meta name="subject" content="LOW RELATIVE HUMIDITY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MimeOLE" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Elliott I. Gideon&quot; &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Elliott I. Gideon &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="qbin@wheels.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-05-06T16:30:16Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@S&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;000c01c78ffb$d41dbb30$d8e2edd4@uobq&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="LOW RELATIVE HUMIDITY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;000c01c78ffb$d41dbb30$d8e2edd4@uobq&gt; reply-type=original" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Elliott I. Gideon&quot; &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Elliott I. Gideon &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	format=flowed;	charset=&quot;windows-1252&quot;;	reply-type=original" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Elliott I. Gideon&quot; &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Elliott I. Gideon &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-05-06T16:30:16Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 charset=&quot;windows-1252&quot;;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-05-06T16:30:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mimeole" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun May  6 12:29:30 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt; format=flowed;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Elliott I. Gideon" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Elliott I. Gideon&quot; &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Elliott I. Gideon &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3693" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Elliott I. Gideon &lt;qbin@wheels.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;000c01c78ffb$d41dbb30$d8e2edd4@uobq&gt; reply-type=original" />
<meta name="MboxParser-symbol" content="DSDI" />
<title>LOW RELATIVE HUMIDITY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>The cream of the crop for 2007 - GET IN EARLY! DSDI IS SET TO ROCK YOUR
PORTFOLIO!

DSI Direct Sales, Inc.
Symbol: DSDI
Price: $0.04

There is a MASSIVE PROMOTION underway this weekend! This is hot, read
the news and get on DSDI first thing Monday!

LOOK FOR HUMIDITIES TO FALL TO THE TEENS AND SINGLE DIGITS SUNDAY AND
MONDAY WITH VERY POOR RECOVERIES SUNDAY NIGHT AND MONDAY MORNING.
ISSUED BY: 222 Issuing Weather Forecast Office Homepage Flood Statement
Randolph (Arkansas) FLOOD STATEMENT NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE LITTLE ROCK
AR 920 AM CDT SUN MAY 06 2007 .
THE COMBINATION OF HEAT.
BOAT AND AIRCRAFT OWNERS SHOULD CHECK MOORINGS AND TIEDOWNS AS
NECESSARY. WATER LEVELS ARE HIGH IN THE IMMEDIATE VICINITY OF THE BRIDGE
BUT NO SIGNIFICANT FLOODING IS OCCURRING. THEN BEGIN FALLING LATE
TUESDAY.
FROM EARLY SUNDAY MORNING THROUGH MONDAY EVENING.
KLAWOCK AND HYDABURG.
AREAS OF NORTH TO NORTHEAST WINDS 25 TO 35 MPH WITH LOCAL GUSTS OVER 50
MPH ARE EXPECTED THIS MORNING.
BREEZY WITH SOUTHEAST WIND 15 TO 25 MPH.
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE METEOROLOGISTS DETECTED SCATTERED SHOWERS AND
THUNDERSTORMS ACROSS PAWNEE AND OSAGE COUNTIES IN NORTHEAST OKLAHOMA.
A WIND ADVISORY MEANS THAT WINDS OF 35 MPH OR GREATER ARE EXPECTED. WIND
ADVISORY REMAIN IN EFFECT UNTIL 12 PM NOON ADT TODAY.
ADDITIONAL ISOLATED TO WIDELY SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL
BE POSSIBLE ELSEWHERE ACROSS NORTHEAST AND EAST CENTRAL OKLAHOMA. THE
FIRE WEATHER WATCH REMAINS IN EFFECT DUE TO EXPECTED LONG DURATIONS OF
RELATIVE HUMIDITY BELOW 35 PERCENT WITH DISPERSION INDICES ABOVE 75.
LOCALLY BREEZY WITH EAST WIND 15 TO 25 MPH.
STRONGEST WINDS IN EXPOSED AREAS NEAR CROSS SOUND AND ALONG OUTSIDE
COASTAL AREAS. NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE METEOROLOGISTS DETECTED
SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS ACROSS PAWNEE AND OSAGE COUNTIES IN
NORTHEAST OKLAHOMA. FROM EARLY SUNDAY MORNING THROUGH MONDAY EVENING.
PELICAN 530 AM ADT SUN MAY 6 2007 .
FIRE WEATHER WATCH IN EFFECT FROM MONDAY AFTERNOON THROUGH MONDAY
EVENING. EXPECT WEST TO NORTHWEST WIND 15 TO 25 MPH.
STRONGEST WINDS IN EXPOSED AREAS NEAR CROSS SOUND AND ALONG OUTSIDE
COASTAL AREAS.
THESE REGIONS INCLUDE THE MOUNTAINS AND INTERIOR PORTIONS OF SAN LUIS
OBISPO COUNTY. ISSUED BY: 222 Issuing Weather Forecast Office Homepage
Flood Statement Randolph (Arkansas) FLOOD STATEMENT NATIONAL WEATHER
SERVICE LITTLE ROCK AR 920 AM CDT SUN MAY 06 2007 . FOR THE FOLLOWING
FORECAST LOCATIONS:. WINDS WILL DIMINISH SOMEWHAT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
NORTHWEST WINDS 5 TO 10 MPH INCREASING TO 10 TO 15 MPH BY LATE MORNING.
FIRE WEATHER WATCH NOW IN EFFECT FROM MONDAY AFTERNOON THROUGH MONDAY
EVENING.
ADDITIONAL ISOLATED TO WIDELY SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL
BE POSSIBLE ELSEWHERE ACROSS NORTHEAST AND EAST CENTRAL OKLAHOMA.
MOSTLY CLOUDY SKIES ACROSS THE AREA WILL CONTINUE THROUGH THE MORNING.
STRONG NORTHERLY WINDS.
A WIND ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL NOON PDT TODAY. AND LOCALLY THE
COASTAL AREAS OF VENTURA AND LOS ANGELES COUNTIES. WIND ADVISORY REMAINS
IN EFFECT UNTIL 12 PM ADT TODAY.
HIGH WATER LEVELS FOR COPPER RIVER TRIBUTARIES. THEN BEGIN FALLING LATE
TUESDAY. PORT ALEXANDER 530 AM ADT SUN MAY 6 2007 . WIND ADVISORY
REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL NOON PDT TODAY. STRONG OFFSHORE WINDS AND VERY
DRY CONDITIONS ARE EXPECTED TO DEVELOP TONIGHT AND TOMORROW MORNING.
ISSUED BY: 222 Issuing Weather Forecast Office Homepage Flood Statement
Lawrence (Arkansas) FLOOD STATEMENT NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE LITTLE ROCK
AR 920 AM CDT SUN MAY 06 2007 .
NORTHWEST WINDS 5 TO 10 MPH INCREASING TO 10 TO 15 MPH BY LATE MORNING.
LIGHT WEST WINDS 5 TO 10 MPH THROUGH 10 AM.
MOSTLY CLOUDY SKIES WITH ISOLATED SNOW SHOWERS AND AREAS OF FOG.
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN TALLAHASSEE HAS ISSUED THE FIRE WEATHER
WATCH DUE TO A COMBINATION OF RELATIVE HUMIDITY BELOW 30 PERCENT. 0 FEET
BY WEDNESDAY EVENING. GUSTS TO 35 MPH IN EXPOSED AREAS.
VENTURA AND LOS ANGELES COUNTIES AND THE COASTAL VALLEYS OF VENTURA AND
LOS ANGELES COUNTIES FROM EARLY SUNDAY MORNING UNTIL MONDAY EVENING.
MOSTLY CLOUDY SKIES ACROSS THE AREA WILL CONTINUE THROUGH THE MORNING.
MOSTLY CLOUDY SKIES ACROSS THE AREA WILL CONTINUE THROUGH THE MORNING.
SOUTHEAST WIND 20 TO 30 MPH. AREAS OF NORTH TO NORTHEAST WINDS 25 TO 35
MPH WITH LOCAL GUSTS OVER 50 MPH ARE EXPECTED THIS MORNING. STRONG AND
GUSTY NORTH TO NORTHEAST WINDS WILL AFFECT THE MOUNTAINS OF VENTURA AND
LOS ANGELES COUNTIES AS WELL AS THE SANTA CLARITA VALLEY AND THE SANTA
MONICA MOUNTAINS THIS MORNING.



</p>

</body></html>