<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="dwahili054@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT RESPONSE!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.DAN WAHILI." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="dan wahili &lt;dwahili054@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dwahili054@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-05-09T10:04:38Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="danwahili@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY122-F75A9CC3DB55891CC10C95883B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="danwahili@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT RESPONSE!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="09 May 2007 10:04:40.0878 (UTC) FILETIME=[75A6A4E0:01C79221]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Wed, 9 May 2007 03:04:40 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY122-F75A9CC3DB55891CC10C95883B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[dwahili054@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.DAN WAHILI." />
<meta name="creator" content="dan wahili &lt;dwahili054@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.DAN WAHILI." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="dan wahili &lt;dwahili054@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-05-09T10:04:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-05-09T10:04:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dwahili054@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="09 May 2007 10:04:40.0878 (UTC) FILETIME=[75A6A4E0:01C79221]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="dwahili054@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May  9 06:04:46 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[dwahili054@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dwahili054@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 9 May 2007 03:04:40 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="dan wahili" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.DAN WAHILI." />
<meta name="Author" content="dan wahili &lt;dwahili054@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3697" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="dan wahili &lt;dwahili054@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY122-F75A9CC3DB55891CC10C95883B0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>URGENT RESPONSE!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:MR.DAN WAHILI.
AFRICAN DEVELOPEMENT BANK
BURKINA FASO (ADB)
OUAGADOUGOU-BURKINA FASO.

DEAR FRIEND,


IT WILL BE A SURPRISE FOR YOU TO RECEIVE THIS MAIL. WELCOME THIS LETTER IN 
THE NAME OF ALLAH.

I AM MR.DAN WAHILI,THE DIRECTOR OF THE ACCOUNTS &amp; AUDITING DEPT.AT THE 
AFRICAN DEVLOPEMENT BANK OUAGADOUGOU-WEST AFRICA. WITH DUE RESPECT I HAVE 
DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU ON A BUSINESS TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE BENEFICIAL TO 
BOTH OF US. AT THE BANK'S LAST ACCOUNTS/AUDITING EVALUATIONS,MY STAFFS CAME 
ACROSS AN OLD ACCOUNT WHICH WAS BEING MAINTAINED BY A FOREIGN CLIENT WHO WE 
LEARNT WAS AMONG THE DECEASED PASSENGERS OF AN AIRLINE CRASH ON 6TH NOV. 
2003.SINCE THE DECEASED WAS UNABLE TO RUN THIS ACCOUNT SINCE HIS DEATH.THE 
ACCOUNT HAS REMAINED DORMANT WITHOUT THE KNOWLEDGE OF HIS FAMILY SINCE IT 
WAS PUT IN A SAFE DEPOSIT ACCOUNT IN THE BANK FOR FUTURE INVESTMENT BY THE 
CLIENT. SINCE HIS DEMISE,NOBODY,NOT EVEN THE MEMBERS OF HIS FAMILY HAVE 
APPLIED FOR CLAIMS OVER THIS FUND AND IT HAS BEEN IN THE SAFE DEPOSIT 
ACCOUNT UNTIL WE DISCOVERED THAT IT CANNOT BE CLAIMED SINCE OUR CLIENT IS A 
FOREIGN NATIONAL AND WE ARE SURE THAT HE HAS NO NEXT OF KIN HERE TO FILE 
CLAIMS OVER THE MONEY.AS THE DIRECTOR OF THE DEPT,THIS DISCOVERY WAS BROUGHT 
TO MY OFFICE SO AS TO DECIDE WHAT IS TO BE DONE.WITH THE FEW PERSONEL IN MY 
DEPT,WE DECIDED TO SEEK WAYS THROUGH WHICH TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY OUT OF THE 
BANK AND OUT OF THE COUNTRY TOO.

THE TOTAL AMOUNT IN THE ACCOUNTS IS TEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND 
DOLLARS(USD 10,500,000.00).WITH OUR POSITIONS AS STAFFS OF THE BANK,WE ARE 
HANDICAPPED BECAUSE WE CANNOT OPERATE FOREIGN ACCOUNTS AND CANNOT LAY 
BONAFIDE CLAIM OVER THIS MONEY.WHILE WE WERE CONTEMPLATING ON WHAT TO DO,A 
FRIEND OF MINE WHO WORKS WITH THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY 
RECOMMENDED YOUR PERSONALITY TO ME AND ADVISED I SHOULD ASK YOU FOR HELP TO 
TRANSFER THIS MONEY OUT OF THE COUNTRY.THE CLIENT IS A FOREIGN NATIONAL AND 
YOU WILL ONLY BE ASKED TO ACT AS HIS NEXT OF KIN AND I WILL SUPPLY YOU WITH 
ALL THE NECESSARY INFORMATIONS AND BANK DATA TO ASSIST YOU IN BEING ABLE TO 
TRANSFER THIS MONEY TO ANY BANK OF YOUR CHOICE WHERE THIS MONEY COULD BE 
TRANSFERED INTO.

I AND MY PARTNERS HAVE DECIDED TO GIVE AWAY FOURTY %(40%)TO YOU FOR YOUR 
ASSISTANCE AND TEN (10%) FOR ANY EXPENSES THAT MIGHT ARISE DURING THE 
TRANSACTION OF THIS TRANSFER.WE WANT TO ASSURE YOU THAT THIS TRANSACTION IS 
ABSOLUTELY RISK FREE SINCE WE WORK IN THIS BANK WHICH IS WHY YOU SHOULD BE 
CONFIDENT IN THE SUCCESS OF THIS TRANSACTION BECAUSE YOU WILL BE UPDATED 
WITH INFORMATION AS AT WHEN DESIRED.

WE WILL PLEASE WISH YOU KEEP THIS TRANSACTION SECRET AS WE ARE HOPING TO 
RETIRE WITH OUR SHARE OF THIS MONEY AT THE END OF TRANSACTION WHICH WILL BE 
WHEN THIS MONEY IS SAFELY IN YOUR ACCOUNT. WE WILL THEN COME OVER TO YOUR 
COUNTRY FOR SHARING ACCORDING TO THE PREVIOUSLY AGREED PERCENTAGES.YOU MIGHT 
EVEN HAVE TO ADVISE US ON POSSIBILITIES OF INVESTMENT IN YOUR COUNTRY OR 
ELSEWHERE OF OUR CHOICE.MAY ALLAH HELP YOU TO HELP US TO A RESTIVE
RETIREMENT.AMIN.

PLEASE FOR FURTHER INFORMATIONS AND ENQUIRIES FEEL FREE TO CONTACT ME 
THROUGH MY NUMBER 00 226 78 84 92 06 FOR ORAL DISCUSSION.

AM AWAITING FOR YOUR URGENT RESPONSE!!!

THANKS AND REMAIN BLESSED.

MR.DAN WAHILI

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Hotmail : créez votre adresse e-mail gratuite &amp; à vie ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>