<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL DEAL,PLEASE GET BACK TO ME" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-05-12T01:18:15Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginatingIP" content="66.178.27.196 (prick@eco-bank-plc.com)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="capt.james_brianusmarine7@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="capt.james_brianusmarine7@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL DEAL,PLEASE GET BACK TO ME" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originatingip" content="66.178.27.196 (prick@eco-bank-plc.com)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070512011815.M29677@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-05-12T01:18:15Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-05-12T01:18:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jamesbrianusmarine6@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="OpenWebMail 2.52 20061019" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 11 21:18:31 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jamesbrianusmarine6@hotmail.com&gt; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070512011815.M29677@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="OpenWebMail 2.52 20061019" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3700" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070512011815.M29677@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL DEAL,PLEASE GET BACK TO ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend, 

I am captain James .W. Brian in the US Marine Corps on Monitoring and Peace a 
keeping mission in Baghdad-Iraq. The reason why I am explaining  my finding 
to you is to seek for your assistance to enable you contributes 
immensely to the actualization of my dreams. 

On the 18th day of March 2007, we were alerted on the presence of some 
terrorists hideouts in Haifa Street, a long thoroughfare of high-rise 
buildings built by Saddam Hussein here in Baghdad. 

After Immediate intervention by the Iraqi forces and ours, we were able  to 
capture many foreign Arab fighters linked to al Qaeda in that operation and 
over 100 militants were killed on the process. Among the  Arab fighters 
linked to al Qaeda two were interrogated by two of our  intelligent 
investigators and I. They confessed that some of them are  fighters for al 
Qaeda and some are for Ayman al-Zawahiri and they took us to  some of their 
hideout which runs along the west bank of the Tigris River  that cuts through 
the capital. 

When we invaded into the hideout, we recovered several guns, amour including 
some boxes among which two contains bullets, one filled with  hard  drugs 
(heroine) and the other two to my amazement contain some US Dollars 
which we assumed amounted to $23.2M after I and two of the  intelligent 
investigators counted them and it took us over 4 hours to get  it counted. 

I however instructed them to keep this in high secrecy so that we can have 
the money to our selves, they all agreed to the plan and they  replied to me 
on how I can get this huge sum out of this country and I  told them that 
ital&amp;#8482;s no problem. 

This motivated me to connive with my best friend in our force who went with 
me and the two other officers to keep the boxes in a safer place. 

I am now in keen need of a "Reliable and Trustworthy" person like you who 
would receive, secure and protect these boxes containing the US Dollars for 
me  untill my assignment elapses here. 

I assure and promise to give you 20% of this fund, however feel free to 
negotiate what you wish to have as your percentage in this deal. 

Please assure me of your keeping this topmost secret to protect my job with 
the US Monitoring and Peace-Keeping mission. please you can  contact me with 
my private mailbox......  capt.james_brianusmarine5@yahoo.com 

My Sincere regards, 
Capt James Brian.(U.S MARINE)


</p>

</body></html>