<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Mutual Business co-operation(ATTN: MANAGING " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mustapha Benson" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Muspham Benson &lt;muspham@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.email.si/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="muspham@email.si" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-05-11T22:03:17Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="muspham@email.si" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="muspham@email.si" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="muspham@email.si" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="muspham_bbb24@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="muspham6@hotmail.com Or muspham@safe-mail.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="muspham_bbb24@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mutual Business co-operation(ATTN: MANAGING " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	Fri, 11 May 2007 21:03:17 -0100" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="QUOTED-PRINTABLE" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070511220318.95D4C8E0AF@www1.email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mustapha Benson" />
<meta name="creator" content="Muspham Benson &lt;muspham@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mustapha Benson" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Muspham Benson &lt;muspham@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-05-11T22:03:17Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="Banjul The Gambiaa" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 =20" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-05-11T22:03:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="QUOTED-PRINTABLE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;muspham@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="JAW::Mail 1.0-email.si" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri May 11 18:03:24 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;muspham@email.si&gt; Fri, 11 May 2007 21:03:17 -0100 to=20" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070511220318.95D4C8E0AF@www1.email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Muspham Benson" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mustapha Benson" />
<meta name="Author" content="Muspham Benson &lt;muspham@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="JAW::Mail 1.0-email.si" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3701" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Muspham Benson &lt;muspham@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070511220318.95D4C8E0AF@www1.email.si&gt;" />
<title>Mutual Business co-operation(ATTN: MANAGING </title>
</head>
<body><p>


-- 
From: Mustapha Benson
Address: Banjul The Gambiaa
Telephone Nos: 00220 9897219
Email: muspham6@hotmail.com Or muspham@safe-mail.net
 
                                       
MANAGING DIRECTOR.
 
Dear Sir,

I am Mr Musatapha Accounts supervisor with National Bank,Freetown, Sierra 
Leone. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. On 
June 6, 1999, a Foreign Diamond consultant/contractor with the Sierra Leonean 
National Diamond Corporation, Mr.Simon Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed) 
Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at SD$27,000,000.00, (Twenty-Seven 
Million Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to 
his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, I sent a reminder and 
finally I discovered from his contract employers, the Sierra Leanean National 
Diamond Corporation that Mr. Simon Kelly died from a rebel attack. On further 
investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all 
attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further 
investigation and discovered that Mr. Simon Kelly did not declare any kin or 
relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork 
in my Bank. This sum of USD$27,000,000.00 has carefully/confidentially been 
moved out of my bank to a Finance security company in the Gambia for 
safekeeping. No one can ever come forward to claim it. According to Sierra 
Leonean Law, at the expiration of 8 (eight) years,the money will revert to the 
ownership of the Sierra Leone Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. 
Consequently, my proposal is that I want you as a Foreigner to stand in as the 
rightful owner of the money. I deposited it in a security company in two trunk 
boxes though the security company does not know the contents of the boxes as I 
tagged them to be photographic materials for export. In the circumstance, I 
want to present you as the rightful owner of the boxes in the security company 
so that you can be able to claim them with the help of my attorney. This is 
simple. I would like you to provide immediately your full names and address as 
well as your direct telephone and fax number so that the Attorney will prepare 
the necessary documents which will put you in the right place as the owner of 
the boxes. The money will be moved out for us to your country and share in the 
ratio of 80% for me and 20% for you. There is no risk at all as all the 
paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will 
guarantees the successful execution of this transaction on your behalf, please 
reply immediately via my email address. Upon your response, I shall then 
provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you 
understand the transaction and swing into the necessary action while I confide 
in you hoping you will not betray me at last. 
Thanks and God bless 
 
Mr Musatapha

____________________
http://www.email.si/



</p>

</body></html>