<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="mussa_sani58@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="subject" content="LOOKING FORWARD  FOR YOUR REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mussa sani&quot; &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mussa sani &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html The said " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mussa_sani58@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-05-14T08:27:09Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="musaa_sani@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY118-F102F6F515525C82FB9B21F13E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="musaa_sani@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="LOOKING FORWARD  FOR YOUR REPLY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 May 2007 08:27:14.0317 (UTC) FILETIME=[ACE4FBD0:01C79601]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 14 May 2007 01:27:14 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY118-F102F6F515525C82FB9B21F13E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[mussa_sani58@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mussa sani&quot; &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mussa sani &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mussa sani&quot; &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mussa sani &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-05-14T08:27:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 TOP SECRET" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-05-14T08:27:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 May 2007 08:27:14.0317 (UTC) FILETIME=[ACE4FBD0:01C79601]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="mussa_sani58@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 14 04:27:21 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[mussa_sani58@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt; Mon, 14 May 2007 01:27:14 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mussa sani" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mussa sani&quot; &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mussa sani &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3704" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mussa sani &lt;mussa_sani58@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY118-F102F6F515525C82FB9B21F13E0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>LOOKING FORWARD  FOR YOUR REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR MUSSA  SANI
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER
bANK OF AFRICA.
OUAGADOUGOU,BURKINA FASO.
PRIVATE TEL: +226678817532

                                                           TOP SECRET

Dear Friend

I am  MR MUSSA  SANI   the bill and exchange manager at the foreign 
remittance department of BANK OF AFRICA.

I got your contact from the internet ,while seaching for an honest and trust 
worthy person, who will assist me to implement this transfer. l discovered 
the sum of Twenty Two million and five hundred thousand United States 
Dollars (USD22.5M) belonging to a deceased customer of this bank.

The fund has been lying in a suspence account without anybody coming to put 
claim over the money since the account owner late Mr Salla khatif from 
Lebanese , who was involved in the December 25th 2003 Benin plane crash. 
Here is the air crash website on cnn = 
http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash/index.html The said 
fund is now ready for transfer to a foriegn account whose owner will be 
portrayed as the beneficiary and next of kin to the deceased customer of the 
bank.

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next if 
kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless 
somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as 
indicated in our banking guidlines and laws but unfortunately we learnt that 
all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the 
plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I decided to make this business 
proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation 
to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is 
coming for it and I don't want this money to go into the bank treasury as 
unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after five years, the money will be transfered into the bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this 
business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a 
Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. I therefore soliciting 
for your assistance to come forward as the next of kin,

I have agreed that 40% of this money will be for you as the beneficiary in 
respect of the provision of your Account and services rendered, 55% would be 
for me while 5% will be for expencses incured during the cause of thIS 
transaction If the money is transferred to your Account from BANK OF AFRICA, 
I and my family in this transaction will proceed immediately to your country 
for our own share of the money.

I expect you to keep this business strictly confidential and secret as you 
may wish to know that I am Bank official. Be rest assured that this business 
is 100% riskfree on both side and every arrangement to transfer this money 
to the Account you are going to provide have been concluded provided we 
maintain the confidentiality and secreceirity involved.

Contact me on my email address I am looking forward for your prompt 
response.

Yours faithfully,
MR MUSSA  SANI

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : appels gratuits de PC à PC ! 
http://www.msn.fr/newhotmail/Default.asp?Ath=f



</p>

</body></html>