<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PRIVATE!!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR.ODIASE GEORGE&quot; &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.ODIASE GEORGE &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sunnyokogwo@post.cz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-12T05:13:32Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="odaisegeorge@themail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="odaisegeorge@themail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PRIVATE!!!!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200308120513.h7C5D5Io021250@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR.ODIASE GEORGE&quot; &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.ODIASE GEORGE &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR.ODIASE GEORGE&quot; &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.ODIASE GEORGE &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-12T05:13:32Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-12T05:13:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Tue, 12 Aug 2003 01:13:16 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug 12 01:13:33 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Tue, 12 Aug 2003 01:13:16 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200308120513.h7C5D5Io021250@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR.ODIASE GEORGE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR.ODIASE GEORGE&quot; &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.ODIASE GEORGE &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-369" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR.ODIASE GEORGE &lt;sunnyokogwo@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200308120513.h7C5D5Io021250@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>PRIVATE!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From The Desk Of MR MR.ODIASE GEORGE
ChairMan Contract Award Committe
Federal Ministry of Aviation.
Garki- Abuja-Nigeria
Tel: 234-1-7761675
Fax: 234-1-7592687.
Dear
My nameis MR MR.ODIASE GEORGE.chairman of the contract award committe of the.
Federal Ministry of Aviation. Sometime last year,the Federal Government of Nigeria decided to upgrade the Radar and Landing facilities at the Malam Aminu Kano International Airport,kano inNorthern Nigeria.The contract ran into several millions of
Dollars.

The contract was handled by a foreign firm but because of the
huge monetary profit we envisaged we decided toover-invoice the
contract sum. Now the contract has been completed and the
original contractor has since been paid, but the contract balance
of US$12.5 million, which resulted from the over invoiced
contract sum that has been left in a suspense account with the
CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA, is what me and my partners are planning
to take out of the country for ourselves. The problem is as
government officials, we are not supposed to own fat bank
accounts, talk less of having foreign ones. To this end, we are
soliciting your assistance as a foreign partner who can assist us
and receive this amount into your account. We are ready to share
this money with you on the basis of participation. We also have
plans to invest part of this money in any viable business in your
country under your care, as we are very close to retirement age.
In any case, I received a reference of you on the net while
looking for a potential and reliable partner. Please if you
accept my proposal do not hesitate to send me an e-mail, so that
I can provide you with the basic procedures for the release of
the fund.
It does not matter whether you or your company does contract
project of the nature described here, the assumption is that you
won a major contract and subcontracted it to another company,
more often than not, big trading companies or individuals of
unrelated field win major contracts here in Nigeria and
subcontracts same to more specialized firms for execution.
BENEFIT: For providing the account where we shall remit this
money, you will be entitled to 15% of the entire funds, 80% will
be for me and my partners, while 5% has been set aside to cover
any expenses that may be incurred by both parties during this
transaction, both local and international.
Please I enjoin you to handle this transaction with utmost degree
of maturity and confidentiality because I am still in active
government service with the "FEDERAL MINISTRY OF AVIATION". If I
receive your response on time, this whole transaction could be
accomplished within the shortest possible time based on your
interest and determination, since the money is already in
transit.
Please, try to reach me soon as there is no much time to waste on this .
Yours faithfully,
MR.ODIASE GEORGE



</p>

</body></html>