<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Capital Investment ( Real Estate )" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.Mohammed Azeez&quot; &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Mohammed Azeez &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-05-22T23:40:43Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Capital Investment ( Real Estate )" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	by mail13.mdx.safepages.com (Postfix) with ESMTP id 6E5281390B4	for &lt;R@S&gt;; Wed, 23 May 2007 00:18:39 +0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070522234043.7E2F428CBD@web6.mdx.safepages.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.Mohammed Azeez&quot; &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Mohammed Azeez &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.Mohammed Azeez&quot; &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Mohammed Azeez &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-05-22T23:40:43Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 for &lt;R@S&gt;; Wed, 23 May 2007 00:18:39 +0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-05-22T23:40:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nobody@web6.mdx.safepages.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 22 20:18:41 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nobody@web6.mdx.safepages.com&gt; by mail13.mdx.safepages.com (Postfix) with ESMTP id 6E5281390B4" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070522234043.7E2F428CBD@web6.mdx.safepages.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Mohammed Azeez" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.Mohammed Azeez&quot; &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Mohammed Azeez &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3718" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.Mohammed Azeez &lt;mohammed_azeez.abdul@yahoo.es&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070522234043.7E2F428CBD@web6.mdx.safepages.com&gt;" />
<title>Capital Investment ( Real Estate )</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Friend, 

I write to inform you of my desire to acquire estates
or landed properties in your country on behalf of the
Director of Contracts and Finance Allocation of the
Federal Ministry of works and Housing in Nigeria.

Considering his very strategic and influential
position, he would want the transaction to be strictly
as confidential as possible. He further want his
identity to remain undisclosed at least for now, until
the completion of the transaction. Hence our desire to
have an overseas agent.

I have therefore been directed to inquire if you would
agree to act as our overseas agent in order to
actualise this transaction. The deal in brief is that
the funds with which to carry out our proposed
investments in your country is presently in a coded
account in the Nigerian apex bank and we need your
assistance to transfer the funds to your country or
any safe account outside your country in a convenient
bank account that will be provided by you before we
can put the funds into use. For this you shall be
considered to have executed a contract for the
ministry.

The contract sum of which shall run into
US$15.5Million of which your share shall be 30% if you
agree to be our overseas agent. Your area of
specialisation does not matter in this transaction,
all that is required of you is a safe account and your
willingness to assist us acquire estates in your
country. As soon as payment is effected and the amount
mentioned above is successfully transferred into your
account, we intend to use our own share in acquiring
some estates abroad. For this too, you shall serve as
our agent . It might interest you to note that last
year, a similar transaction was carried out with one
MR. CHIENCHEN YU of Taiwan but after securing the
payment approvals, and payment effected, MR.CHIENCHEN
YU changed his numbers and addresses, and was no where
to be found on our getting to Taiwan. That was how we
lost US$7.5Million.

So this time around , I will be with you before the
remmittance is made into your provided account to
avoid future occurrence and allow trust to play a very
minimal role until performance is seen. You are
requested to communicate your acceptance or otherwise
of this proposal, through my email. 
After which we shall discuss in details the modalities
for seeing this transaction through. If however, you
are not disposed to assist, kindly destroy this letter
in view of the confidentiality of the proposed
transaction and interest of personalities involved.
Thank you in anticipation of your co-operation. 

Best Regards, 

Dr.Mohammed Azeez.





</p>

</body></html>