<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="hello" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DrDinka Dogon&quot; &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DrDinka Dogon &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//eragon-heroic-fantasy.spaces.live.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-06-07T21:05:28Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="drdinkadogon@caramail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY122-F2D42BE3666DCBE7422F839C260@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="drdinkadogon@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="hello" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="07 Jun 2007 21:05:33.0657 (UTC) FILETIME=[96874C90:01C7A947]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 7 Jun 2007 14:05:33 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY122-F2D42BE3666DCBE7422F839C260@phx.gbl&gt; this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DrDinka Dogon&quot; &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DrDinka Dogon &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DrDinka Dogon&quot; &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DrDinka Dogon &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-06-07T21:05:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 States Dollar US$22m dollars in an account, belonging to one of our" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-06-07T21:05:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="07 Jun 2007 21:05:33.0657 (UTC) FILETIME=[96874C90:01C7A947]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun  7 17:05:35 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr] nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the bank" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt; Thu, 7 Jun 2007 14:05:33 -0700 plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DrDinka Dogon" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DrDinka Dogon&quot; &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DrDinka Dogon &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3743" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DrDinka Dogon &lt;drdinka015dogon@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY122-F2D42BE3666DCBE7422F839C260@phx.gbl&gt; this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of" />
<title>hello</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF DR DINKA DOGON
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER .
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK . BURKINA FASO ANNEX.

I hope this meets you in good health, My name is Dr Dinka Dogon the  manager 
of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department of  African 
development bank , Burkina Faso Annex here in Ouagadougou, west  africa.

In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of Twenty-two Million United 
  States Dollar US$22m dollars in an account, belonging to one of our 
customer  Eng. Christian Eich ,Who died alongside with his entire family on 
Monday,  31 July, 2000 in a plane crash in paris.

Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next  
of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless  
some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as  
indicated in our banking guidlines and laws but unfortunately we learnt
that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the 
  plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I and my colleagues decided to make 
  this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of  
kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since 
  nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the bank  
treasury as unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained  
unclaimed after seven years, the money will be transfered into the bank  
treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this  
business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a  
Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to your designated 
bank account ,you must apply first to the bank as a relation or next of kin 
of the deceased with a text of application that we will send to you, so we  
will like you to send to us your private telephone , fax number  for easy 
and effective communication and location where the money
will be remitted.

Upon receipt of your reply, we will send to you by fax or email the text of  
the application . we will not fail to bring to your notice that this 
transaction is hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear 
as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should
contact us immediately as soon as you receive this letter.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.
Yours faithfully.
Dr Dinka Dogon
Bill &amp; Exchange Manager,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (A.D.B.BF ANNEX )

_________________________________________________________________
Découvrez le Blog heroic Fantaisy d'Eragon! 
http://eragon-heroic-fantasy.spaces.live.com/



</p>

</body></html>