<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="I AM URGENTLY WAITING FOR YOUR CALL OR EMAIL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;muhammd amin&quot; &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="muhammd amin &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.windowslive.fr/spaces" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-06-14T08:00:43Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mr_muhammd_amin@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY104-F263EDB65603A0370A96B28981F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mr_muhammd_amin@yahoo.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I AM URGENTLY WAITING FOR YOUR CALL OR EMAIL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="14 Jun 2007 08:00:46.0066 (UTC) FILETIME=[1D075D20:01C7AE5A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Thu, 14 Jun 2007 01:00:46 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY104-F263EDB65603A0370A96B28981F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;muhammd amin&quot; &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="muhammd amin &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;muhammd amin&quot; &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="muhammd amin &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-06-14T08:00:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-06-14T08:00:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="14 Jun 2007 08:00:46.0066 (UTC) FILETIME=[1D075D20:01C7AE5A]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun 14 04:01:00 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt; Thu, 14 Jun 2007 01:00:46 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="muhammd amin" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;muhammd amin&quot; &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="muhammd amin &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3757" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="muhammd amin &lt;muhammd_amin30@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY104-F263EDB65603A0370A96B28981F0@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>I AM URGENTLY WAITING FOR YOUR CALL OR EMAIL</title>
</head>
<body><p>CONFIDENTIAL PROPOSAL FROM.
MR.MUHAMMD  AMIN
THE CHIEF AUDITOR INCHARGE,
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB).
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO.
WEST AFRICA.

My Good Friend,

How are you doing together with your family? I guessed all is well. My 
massage should not be a surprise proposal to you because i got your contact 
information from the international directory in few weeks ago  before i 
decided to contact you on this magnitude and lucrative transaction for our 
future survival in life.

Moreover, i have laid all the solemn trust in you before i decided to 
disclose this successful &amp; confidential transaction to you.

As i have said, I AM MR. MUHAMMD  AMIN. THE CHIEF AUDITOR INCHARGE OF 
FOREIGN REMITTANCE UNIT, AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK OUAGADOUDOU BURKINA-FASO.
Now i have the intent to contact you over this financial transaction worth 
the sum of NINTEEN MILLION, THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS 
($19,300,000.00 ) for our future success.

This is and abandoned sum that belongs to one of our bank foreign customers 
who died along with his entire family through plane crash disaster since few 
years ago. Meanwhile i was very fortune to came across the deceased file 
when i was arranging the old and abandoned customers files in other to sign 
and submit to the entire bank management for an official re-documentation 
and audit of the year against 2008.

Be informed clearly that it was stated in our banking rules and regulations 
which was signed lawfully that if such fund remains unclaimed  till the 
period of 6 years started  from the date when the beneficiary died, the 
money will be transferred into the treasury as an unclaimed fund.

As a honour and advantage bestowed to our foreign customers base on the 
rules guilding our bank, it was stated obviously that if you are not a 
citizen of Burkina Faso , you have the absolute authority to claim the fund 
hence you are a foreigner despite your differences from the country of 
origin of the deceased.

So the request of you as a foreigner is necessary and legit to apply for the 
claim and transfer of the fund smoothly into your reliable bank account as 
the NEXT OF KIN OR EXTENDED RELATIVE to the deceased costomer.

On the transfer of this fund into your account, { 39% } being ( 
US$7,527,000.00) will be your share in respect of the account provision and 
your assistance rendered during the transfer of the fund into your bank 
account,{ 52% } being (US$10,036,000.00) will be my share being the 
codinator and the pillar of the transaction while the rest { 9% } being 
(US$1,737,000.00) will be shared to the respectable Organisations Centers 
such as Charity Organisation, Motherless Babies homes, and helpless disabled 
people in the World.

Now, if you are really sure of your trustworthy, 
accountability,confidentiality on this transaction, contact me and agree 
that you will not change your mind to cheat or disappoint me  when the fund 
have getting into your account. Besides you should not entertain any fear 
because i am sure of the success as an insider in the bank.

Please reply with the assurance, include your private telephone and fax 
numbers necessary for facilitate an easy communication in this transaction.

As soon as you reply , give me a call through my private telephone number on 
( 00 226 70437906 ) so that i will let you know the next step to follow in 
order to finalize this transaction immediately.

I expect your urgent communication and my best regard to you and all members 
of your family.
Mr_muhammd_amin@yahoo.fr
Yours sincerely,

mr. MUHAMMD   AMIN

_________________________________________________________________
Windows Live Spaces : créez votre blog à votre image ! 
http://www.windowslive.fr/spaces



</p>

</body></html>