<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASIST ME!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//sitebuilder.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="madu_emerem@mail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20030816002455.94208.qmail@web80709.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="madu_emerem@mail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASIST ME!!!!!!!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030816002455.94208.qmail@web80709.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;hacco_man@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Aug 17 16:02:04 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;hacco_man@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-376" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030816002455.94208.qmail@web80709.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>ASIST ME!!!!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir, 

Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform  you that
this letter is not a hoax mail and 
I urge you to treat it serious. We want to  transfer
to overseas account ($35,000.000.00 USD) (Thirty Five
Million United States Dollars)  from a Standard Trust
Bank Ltd here in Nigeria, I want to ask you, If you
are not capable to  quietly look for a reliable and
honest person who  will be capable and fit to provide
either an  existing bank account or to set up a new
Bank a/c immediately to receive this money, even an 
empty a/c can serve to receive this money, as long  as
you will remain honest to me till the end for  this
important business trusting in you and  elieving in
God that you will never let me down either now or in
future.  

I am Dr. Muhammad Khalil Hasan, the Auditor General 
of Standard Trust Bank Ltd here in Nigeria.  During
the course of our auditing, I discovered a floating 
fund in an account opened in the bank in 1996 and
since 1998 nobody has operated on this account
again,after going through some old files in the 
records I discovered that the owner of the account
died without a [Heir/WILL] hence the money is floating
and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will
be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this account 
is Mr. Robert Chapman a Canadia and great
industrialist.  He was African Area Director of SIL
International, who unfortunately died in the plane
crash of Kenya Airways Flight 431 in Abidjan, Ivory
Coast, January 30 2000.  You will read more stories
about the crash on  visiting this website,
news.airwise.com/airlines/archive/2 000/kenya2000.html
and also in this website,
www.sil.org/sil/news/2000/chapman.html  where
Chapman's company talked about his death in 
the Kenya crash. You shall as well find the pictures
of Chapman and his wife there.   

No other person knows about this account or any thing
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary
and my investigation proved to me as well that until 
his death he has a Gold/Diamond Consulting firm.I also
found out that their only surviving daughter died last
year. 

The total amount involve is ($35,000.000.00 USD) 
(Thirty Five Million United States Dollars) and we
wish to transfer this money into a safe foreigners
account abroad. But I don't know any foreigner, 
I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this
money can not be approved to a local person here, but
to a foreigner who has information about the account,
which I shall give to you upon your positive response.
I am revealing this to you with believe in God that
you will never let me down in this business, you are
the first and the only person that I am contacting for
this business, so please reply urgently so that I will
inform you the next step to take urgently.  
 
I need your strong assurance that you will never let
us down, me and a key bank official who is deeply
involved with me in this business.  I guarantee  that
this transaction will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of
the law.  The bank official Will destroy 
all documents of transaction immediately we receive
this money leaving no trace to any place.  I will use
my position and influence to obtain all legal 
approvals for onward transfer of this money to your
account with appropriate clearance from the relevant
ministries and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
40% of the total amount, 60% will be for us, I look
forward to your earliest reply. 
 
PLEASE, TREAT THIS PROPOSAL AS TOP SECRET. 

Find in the attachment my Family Picture, to proof 
who I am.

Best Regards 

Dr. Muhammad Khalil Hasan. 








__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! SiteBuilder - Free, easy-to-use web site design software
http://sitebuilder.yahoo.com

</p>

</body></html>