<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="OVER TURE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&lt;mcabacha@freesurf.fr&gt; present Civilian Government of President Olusegun Obasanjo who wants all my can always contact you." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.freesurf.fr/adsl/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO husband's share of US$23.7Million after his death and lodged it with a" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-21T13:23:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 Dollar Ajaokuta Steel plant/complex. The Russian partners had since" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;mcabacha@freesurf.fr&gt; Late husbands foreign bank accounts and assets confiscated because of the profitable investment proposal advice in your country. or reply me if my" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1387.192.116.71.164.1061472238.squirrel@jose.freesurf.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="OVER TURE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit my" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1387.192.116.71.164.1061472238.squirrel@jose.freesurf.fr&gt; interested in your kind of business and wishing to invest in your country. showing that we received the money from the Russians." />
<meta name="creator" content="&lt;mcabacha@freesurf.fr&gt; present Civilian Government of President Olusegun Obasanjo who wants all my can always contact you." />
<meta name="creator" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&lt;mcabacha@freesurf.fr&gt; present Civilian Government of President Olusegun Obasanjo who wants all my can always contact you." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-21T13:23:58Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 Dollar Ajaokuta Steel plant/complex. The Russian partners had since" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-21T13:23:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mcabacha@freesurf.fr&gt;	by suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h7LDQkZ08767; Thu, 21 Aug 2003 09:26:46 -0400 (EDT)        Thu, 21 Aug 2003 15:23:58 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="SquirrelMail (version 1.2.5) came" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 monetary excesses of my la proposal interest you through my alternative email address:" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Aug 21 09:29:15 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mcabacha@freesurf.fr&gt; by suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h7LDQkZ08767; Thu, 21 Aug 2003 09:26:46 -0400 (EDT) Thu, 21 Aug 2003 15:23:58 +0200 (CEST) each other likewise developing a cordial business relationship. As I am concerning the money" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 as result of a pay" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="present Civilian Government of President Olusegun Obasanjo who wants all my can always contact you." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal thousand United States Dollars (US$ 23,700,000.00) cash, which I intend to" />
<meta name="Author" content="&lt;mcabacha@freesurf.fr&gt; present Civilian Government of President Olusegun Obasanjo who wants all my can always contact you." />
<meta name="Author" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="SquirrelMail (version 1.2.5)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal for investment purposes especially in your country. This huge sum of money" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-378" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mcabacha@freesurf.fr" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1387.192.116.71.164.1061472238.squirrel@jose.freesurf.fr&gt; interested in your kind of business and wishing to invest in your country. showing that we received the money from the Russians." />
<title>OVER TURE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

I am contacting you in view of the fact that we will be of great assistance

to
 each other likewise developing a cordial business relationship. As I am
 interested in your kind of business and wishing to invest in your country.



I am Mrs. Maryam Abacha, wife to the late Nigerian military Head of State.
 General Sanni Abacha who died on the 8th of June 1998 still in office due
to

a
 protracted illness.

I believe you must be aware of the recent face-off between my family and the


 present Civilian Government of President Olusegun Obasanjo who wants all my


 Late husbands foreign bank accounts and assets confiscated because of the
 monetary excesses of my la


te husbands
Military regime.

Currently, within my reach is the sum of twenty-three Million seven Hundred


 thousand United States Dollars (US$ 23,700,000.00) cash, which I intend to

use
 for investment purposes especially in your country. This huge sum of money


 came
 as result of a pay


back contract
deal between my late husband and a Russian firm on our country's Multi
billion


 Dollar Ajaokuta Steel plant/complex. The Russian partners had since
returned


 my
 husband's share of US$23.7Million after his death and lodged it with a
 security
 firm.

Right now the new Civilian Government have revoked all our licenses that
allows


 us to own financial and oil companies and has frozen some of my late
husbands


 bank account in Switzerland and America.

In view of these I acted very fast to withdraw this US$23.7M from the
security


 company's vault well preserved and packaged in {1}trunk box and lodged in a


 private security firm OVERSEAS as Family Deposits (FD) No record ever
existed


 concerning the money


neither is the money traceable by the Government because there is no
documents


 showing that we received the money from the Russians.

However, due to the current situation in the country concerning the present


 civilian Government hostile attitude towards my family, it has become quite


 impossible for me to make use of the money within the country. Thus I seek


 your
 assistance in moving t


his family Deposits (FD) into your account for safekeeping pending my
arrival


 in
 your country for investment purposes.

On your consent, I shall provide you with a POWER OF ATTORNEY to collect
this


 deposit with the security company OVERSEAS on our behalf. Bearing in mind
that


 your assistance is needed in this regards, I propose a commission of 20%
 (TWENTY PERCENT) of the


total sum to you for the expected services and 10% for local and
international expenses if any.

Your urgent response is highly needed so as to start further contact .
I therefore mandate Barrister GREG ADO who is our family Attorney to deal

 with
 you through out this transaction on my behalf.

May I at this point, emphasize the high level of confidentiality which this


 business demands whatever your decision and hope you will not betray the
trust


 and confidence which I repose in you.

Please don't forget to indicate your convenient phone and fax number where
we


 can always contact you.

However, you may need to give me sufficient assurance that you will not sit

on
 this fund when it is finally remitted into your account. Please direct your


 reply of this mail to my family attorney,GREG ADO at gregado@rxpost.net and

discuss with


him towards effective completion of this transaction.

I believe I can trust you and I am willing to accept from you any useful and


 profitable investment proposal advice in your country. or reply me if my
 proposal interest you through my alternative email address:
mcabacha@gawab.com


s.

Remain blessed.

Best wishes,
Mrs. Maryam Abacha.




----------------------------------------------------------------
Ce service de mailing vous est offert par http://www.freesurf.fr.
FreeSurf, votre acces ADSL a partir de 29 euros/mois
http://www.freesurf.fr/adsl/



</p>

</body></html>