<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by newman.eecs.UM id l61I0IAc003210" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Status" content="Clean" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Report" content="	*  3.5 BAYES_99 BODY: Bayesian spam probability is 99 to 100%	*      [score: 1.0000]	*  1.6 DEAR_SOMETHING BODY: Contains 'Dear (something)'	*  1.2 ADVANCE_FEE_2 Appears to be advance fee fraud (Nigerian 419)	*  1.4 ADVANCE_FEE_3 Appears to be advance fee fraud (Nigerian 419)	*  0.6 ADVANCE_FEE_4 Appears to be advance fee fraud (Nigerian 419)" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-flag" content="YES =0D" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="chris_anderson@universia.com.br" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain *  0.6 ADVANCE_FEE_4 Appears to be advance fee fraud (Nigerian 419)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="Yes, score=8.4 required=5.0 tests=ADVANCE_FEE_2,ADVANCE_FEE_3, =0D" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Checker-Version" content="SpamAssassin 3.2.0 (2007-05-01) on	newman.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Level" content="********" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	for &lt;R@E&gt;; Sun, 1 Jul 2007 14:00:20 -0400" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-level" content="********" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070701174658.9B3D53245AC@server.wetelco.de&gt; newman.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt; *  1.6 DEAR_SOMETHING BODY: Contains 'Dear (something)' =0D" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-07-01T17:46:58Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain *  0.6 ADVANCE_FEE_4 Appears to be advance fee fraud (Nigerian 419)" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-07-01T17:46:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;wwwrun@server.wetelco.de&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-checker-version" content="SpamAssassin 3.2.0 (2007-05-01) on" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jul  1 14:00:40 2007" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070701174658.9B3D53245AC@server.wetelco.de&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="CHRIS ANDERSON" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt; *  1.6 DEAR_SOMETHING BODY: Contains 'Dear (something)' =0D" />
<meta name="Author" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070701174658.9B3D53245AC@server.wetelco.de&gt; newman.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="Yes, score=8.4 required=5.0 tests=ADVANCE_FEE_2,ADVANCE_FEE_3,	ADVANCE_FEE_4,BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING autolearn=no version=3.2.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//jurist.law.pitt.edu/paperchase/2006/03/breaking-news-charles-taylo=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/2963086.stm=0D" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/africa/03/29/taylor.nigeria/index.html=0D" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//somalinet.com/news/world/Africa/10893=0D" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt; *  1.6 DEAR_SOMETHING BODY: Contains 'Dear (something)' =0D" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-07-01T17:46:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Virus-Scanned" content="ClamAV 0.90.3/3545/Wed Jun 27 23:08:05 2007 on newman.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chris_anderson@universia.com.br *  1.2 ADVANCE_FEE_2 Appears to be advance fee fraud (Nigerian 419)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by newman.eecs.UM id l61I0IAc003210" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chris_anderson@universia.com.br" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Flag" content="YES" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-status" content="Clean" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt; *  1.6 DEAR_SOMETHING BODY: Contains 'Dear (something)' =0D" />
<meta name="creator" content="CHRIS ANDERSON &lt;chris_anderson@universia.com.br&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 ADVANCE_FEE_4,BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING autolearn=no version=3.2.0 =0D" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-report" content="=0D" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-virus-scanned" content="ClamAV 0.90.3/3545/Wed Jun 27 23:08:05 2007 on newman.eecs.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;wwwrun@server.wetelco.de&gt; for &lt;R@E&gt;; Sun, 1 Jul 2007 14:00:20 -0400 *  3.5 BAYES_99 BODY: Bayesian spam probability is 99 to 100% =0D" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 *  1.4 ADVANCE_FEE_3 Appears to be advance fee fraud (Nigerian 419)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3805" />
<title>GOOD DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear Sir,

 

With due respect, trust and humility, I write you this

proposal believing that it will receive the most

desired attention from you even as we have not had any

previous correspondence, Although, I am constrained by

insufficient information about you, but I will express

in full the main objectives of this proposal .

 

I am Mr.CHRIS ANDERSON Personal Aide and in-law to the

former President of the Liberian Mr. Charles Taylor,

who resigned his post due to pressure from the

International Community in order to maintain peace in

west African Region. His Excellency who is currently

behind bars at a U.N.-backed court in Hague

Netherlands, facing 11 counts of war crimes during the

country's 1991-2002 civil war. Liberian Government In

conjunction with Sierra Leone Government has agreed on

June 20, 2006 for security reason to Hand him over to

U.N War crime Special Court in Hague, Netherlands.

 

His Excellency who was arrested on a boarder between

Nigeria  and Cameroun of which he instructed me to

escape with all his vital documents so that he could

face a U.N.-backed tribunal for war crime charges

which he is now currently facing. but before this new

unfolding events. Though our original plan was after

successful crossing to Cameroun un-noticed, I will

proceed to Accra Ghana totake the task of arranging

for the immediate evacuation of the money in whish he

deposited in the custody of Security Finance Company

before it will be discovered by International

Community or Liberian Government.See the website for

more details



http://jurist.law.pitt.edu/paperchase/2006/03/breaking-news-charles-taylor-captured.php

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/2963086.stm

http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/africa/03/29/taylor.nigeria/index.html

http://somalinet.com/news/world/Africa/10893

 

His Excellency, while in jail has mandated me to

secure the co-operation of a trust worthy and reliable

firm or individual as fund managers to whom he will

entrust certain amount of money to be managed within

the period while he is in jail, on the terms as shall

be agreed by both parties. The new government in

Liberia lead by Mrs. Ellen Johnson-Sir leaf has

initiated moves to probe Mr. Taylor’s governance while

in office with a view of recovering his assets and

deposits and repatriating such to the country as was

the case with the Late Head of State of the Federal

Republic of Nigeria, Gen. Sanni Abacha as advised by

the International Community on Liberian Government.

 

On the wake of hostilities in Liberia and the break

out of war between the rebels and the allied forces,

the Liberian government being under an arms embargo by

the U.N could not import arms officially, so Mr.

Taylor resolved to illegal arms deal from the West

African Region of Ghana, which was transacted by cash

monies, within this period, he succeeded in depositing

a total sumof USD$115M only, in cash money derived

from the arms dealing custody of Security Finance

Company in Accra Ghana. Which is the trust company

from where the arms deal was financed?

 

we intends to execute a deed of conveyance of this

deposit to a capable and trust worthy firm or

individual who will immediately effect a change of

beneficiary on the deposit and release it from the

custody of Security Finance Company by way of

terminating the deposit contract to avoid any trace

and repatriation of the deposit by the new government

in Liberia.

 

Terms of the transaction shall be discussed and

agreement entered into when you indicate your ability

to handle and manage funds of this magnitude under a

strict confidential understanding..

Please treat as most confidential due to the sensitive

information given in here strictly to you.

 

Yours sincerely

CHRIS ANDERSON

Personal Aide to the former Liberian President






</p>

</body></html>