<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM DR. PAUL A . SULE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr. Paul A. Sule&quot; &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. Paul A. Sule &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-07-03T23:12:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drpaulsule1950@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+234-1-555-9344" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="drpaulsule@o2.pl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.4)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20070703161229.zux2k0hp28gkkgsg@209.216.227.46&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM DR. PAUL A . SULE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.4)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070703161229.zux2k0hp28gkkgsg@209.216.227.46&gt; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr. Paul A. Sule&quot; &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. Paul A. Sule &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=ISO-8859-1;	DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;	format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr. Paul A. Sule&quot; &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. Paul A. Sule &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-07-03T23:12:29Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-07-03T23:12:29Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jul  4 02:22:53 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt; charset=ISO-8859-1;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="drpaulsule@o2.pl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr. Paul A. Sule" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr. Paul A. Sule&quot; &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. Paul A. Sule &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3814" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr. Paul A. Sule &lt;drpaulsule1950@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070703161229.zux2k0hp28gkkgsg@209.216.227.46&gt; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<title>FROM DR. PAUL A . SULE</title>
</head>
<body><p>

FROM DR. PAUL A . SULE
THE PRESIDENCY
DEBT RECONCILIATION COMMITTEE
Fax: +234-1-555-9344

ATTN CONTRACT BENEFICIARY,

IMMEDIATE PAYMENT OF YOUR FUNDS. #: GVRCBN/NNPC/FGN/MIN/006.

I am the Director, Debt reconciliation Committee of the Federal Republic of
Nigeria. I bring to your immediate notice and urgent attention that  
the present
Nigerian Presenident, The United Nations and the African Union have finally
approved your payment.

A woman by name Mrs. Janet White came to our office with an application letter
stating that you are dead and that you have instructed her to be the
beneficiary also that you told her to act as your Next of Kin to receive your
payment in her account. We are writing to know if this is true, if you at any
time gave this woman the power of attorney to represent you also if you are
aware that your payment of $15.5M will be transferred to the below account:

Bank of America,
2201 C St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20520
ABA Number: 114000653;
Account Number: 4746363838;
Account Name: JANET WHITE
Account officer's Phone number: 202-624-4750

If you are not aware of the above, do immediately reconfirm your correct
banking details so that funds can be transferred to your account without any
further delay as we have instructed our London paying bank toeffect  
transfer to
the above account if we do not hear from you till the next four banking days
from the day this message was sent.

I wish to inform you that this approved amount has been processed and will be
released to you as soon as you respond to this letter. Also note that from the
record in my file, the approved amount for immediate transfer is $15.5 million
dollars (Fifteen Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars).  
With due
respect sir, do reconfirm the below details to avoid paying your
Contract/Inheritance payment to a wrong account or beneficiary. Note that this
payment is ready to be made into your account as soon as you confirm  
to us that
you did not send this woman and reconfirm the below details.

1) Your full name and full address (2) Phone, fax and mobile #.3) Bank  
Name and
address (4) Bank account number, Swift code etc where funds will be  
transferred
to.

As soon as this information is received, your payment will be made in cash
payment or KTT wire transferred to your bank account directly from  
Central Bank
of Nigeria or our London Paying Bank and a copy of payment slips sent to you
for immediate confirmation through your bank.

Do help us serve you better by responding to this message immediately.

Regards,
Dr. Paul A. Sule
DIRECTOR DEBT RECONCILIATION COMMITTEE



</p>

</body></html>