<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent  Business Proposal." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-08-22T16:54:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="your discussions regarding this transaction should be " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent  Business Proposal." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200308221643.h7MGek80019689@services.cacn.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-08-22T16:54:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-08-22T16:54:28Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;shaabanbait@primposta.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sat, 23 Aug 2003 00:43:29 +0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Aug 22 12:54:45 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;shaabanbait@primposta.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sat, 23 Aug 2003 00:43:29 +0800 Upon receipt of these informations, all arrangements asper" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200308221643.h7MGek80019689@services.cacn.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-380" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="shaabanbait@primposta.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200308221643.h7MGek80019689@services.cacn.net&gt;" />
<title>Urgent  Business Proposal.</title>
</head>
<body><p>PETROLEUM (SPECIAL) TRUST FUND
LAGOS-NIGERIA.

CONFIDENTIAL

REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL

&gt;From the Desk of: Dr. Fahd A.Usman.
Phone   234  80 33206813.
Fax     234  1  7599055.

Dear Sir,

This letter may come to you as a surprise since it is coming from
someone you have not met before. However, we decided to contact 
you based on a satisfactory information we had about you.
I am a Medical Doctor currently working with the Petroleum Trust 
Fund (PTF). I and some of my close and trusted colleagues need 
your assistance in the transfer of US$21.8 million to  overseas.
This fund was generated from over-invoicing of contracts executed 
by the PTF under our control and supervision. This fund is now 
ready to be sent out by a special diplomatic courrier 
service.What we want from you include the following:
1. Name of Company &amp; Address
2. Your Private Telephone &amp; Fax Number
3. Beneficiary Name
4. Your international passport number
 Upon receipt of these informations, all arrangements asper 
movement of the funds which 
shall be by special diplomatic courrier services due to the 
amount involved shall commence.The company has banches in Dubai 
and Holland {Amsterdam} .The copies of the approval and other 
relevant documents shall be faxed to you for your perusal.please 
treat as strictly confidential for obvious reasons. The fund will 
be shared as follows:
1. 17% for your assistance
2. 80% for myself &amp; my Colleagues
3. 3% for contingency expenses
We wish to assure you that your involvement should you decide to 
assist us, will be well protected, and also, this business 
proposal is 100% risk free as the remittance will be made through 
the legal procedures.
Note: your discussions regarding this transaction should be 
limited because we are still in government service. We intend to 
retire peacefully at the end of this transaction. Let honesty and 
trust be our watchword throughout this transaction and your 
prompt reply will be highly appreciated.
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation while we look forward 
to a mutually benefiting business relationship with you.
Best Regards.

Dr. Fahd A.Usman.

</p>

</body></html>