<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="subject" content="VERY URGENT AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE........" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;bala kabore&quot; &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="bala kabore &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.eastandard.net/archives/cl/hm_news/news.php " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-07-17T00:21:44Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="bala_kabore2003@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY112-F132D306CC8490BE547B2CBF7F90@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="bala_kabore2003@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY URGENT AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE........" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="17 Jul 2007 00:21:47.0000 (UTC) FILETIME=[76191F80:01C7C808]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	 Mon, 16 Jul 2007 17:21:47 -0700" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY112-F132D306CC8490BE547B2CBF7F90@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;bala kabore&quot; &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="bala kabore &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;bala kabore&quot; &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="bala kabore &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-07-17T00:21:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-07-17T00:21:44Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="17 Jul 2007 00:21:47.0000 (UTC) FILETIME=[76191F80:01C7C808]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jul 16 20:22:08 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt; Mon, 16 Jul 2007 17:21:47 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="bala kabore" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;bala kabore&quot; &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="bala kabore &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3846" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="bala kabore &lt;bala_kabore48@hotmail.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY112-F132D306CC8490BE547B2CBF7F90@phx.gbl&gt;" />
<title>VERY URGENT AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE........</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,


I am Mr.BALA KABORE,personal assistant Branch Manager of Bank Of 
Africa(BOA)Ouagadougou Burkina Faso,West Africa. I want to inquire from you 
if you can handle this transaction for mutual benefits/life opportunity for 
you and me.The transaction is about seeking your consent to present you as 
the next of kin/ beneficiary of the US$4.3 million dollars,(four 
million,three hundred thousand united states dollars), and who is a customer 
to the bank where i work.He died in a Kenya plane crash 2003.The Fund is 
currently in a suspense account awaiting claim, the bank made a public 
notice that they are ready to release this fund to any of his relatives 
abroad.I am as convinced as believing that you will provide me, the very 
needed urgent assistance, hence a viable bank account by which we can effect 
the transfer of the fund.Because,due to our position as top bank officials, 
we are not allowed to operate a foreign account, that is why i needed you to 
assist me in providing a foreign bank where this FUND will be transfered for 
immediate disbursement according to the percentages.You can view this site 
to know more.
http://www.eastandard.net/archives/cl/hm_news/news.php 
articleid=35537.THEREFORE,by virtue of its nature as being utterly 
CONFIDENTIAL, top secret should be maintained please!,because i am still in 
the active service i do not need any form of implication especially now i'm 
in the verge of my retirement to endanger my carear at last!.

Since we got the information about his death, we have been expecting his 
next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it 
unless some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased 
as indicated in our banking guidelines and laws.In that regard, i decided to 
seek your consent for this prospective opportunity. Have it at the back of 
your mind, that the transaction does not involve any RISK, and does not need 
much engagement from you, since i am familiar with this kind of transaction 
being an insider. Necessary modalities will be worked out to enable us carry 
out the fund claim under a legitimate arrangement. I have resolved to offer 
you 30% of the total fund, 10% for sundry expenses that may be incurred 
during the process of executing this transaction and 60% percent for me.I 
will give you more details about the transaction when I receive your 
affirmative response,more clarification information. Contact me through my 
private e-mail address:(bala_kabore2003@yahoo.ca) .
I'm waiting to hear from you soon.

Thanks and God bless.
Mr.Bala Kabore.

_________________________________________________________________
Gagnez des pc Windows Vista avec Live.com http://www.image-addict.fr/



</p>

</body></html>