<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030825142910.2230.qmail@web20502.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS /TRANSACTION." />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//sitebuilder.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;austin_dunger1@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug 25 10:29:15 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;austin_dunger1@yahoo.com&gt; Strictly confidential." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20030825142910.2230.qmail@web20502.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS /TRANSACTION." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-384" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030825142910.2230.qmail@web20502.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<title>BUSINESS /TRANSACTION.</title>
</head>
<body><p>                Strictly confidential.

Office of the chairman 
Contract awarding committe 
Ecowas headquarters 
Lome,Republic of togo.

Attn:

Account provision for usd 9.5m

Forgive my indignation if this message comes to you
asa surprise and if it might offend you without your
prior consent and writing through this channel.

I am George Ugo,The Chairman, Contract
Awardind Committee of the ECONOMIC COMMUNITY OF WEST
AFRICAN STATES ( ECOWAS)with Headquarters in Lome,
Togo.I got your information in a business directory
from the Togolaise Chamber of Commerce and Industries
when I was searching for a reliable,honest and
trustworthy person to entrust this business with.I was
simply inspired and motivated to pick your contact
from the many names and lists in the directory.

After discussing my view and your profile with my
colleagues,they were very much satisfied and deci! ded
to contact you immediately for this mutual business
relationship.We wish to transfer the sum of
USD9.5,000,000.00 (Nine Million Five Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars only.)into your personal or
company`s bank account.

This fund was a residue of the over invoiced contract
bills awarded by us for the supply of ammunitions,
hard/soft wares,phamaceauticals/medical items,light
and heavy duty vehicles, apperals and other
administrative logistics etc for the ECOMOG in
Sierria-Leone and Liberia during the Peace Keeping
Projects.

This DEAL was deliberately hatched out and carefully
protected with all the attendant lope holes sealed
off.As the Chairman of CAC,I have the cooperation and
mandate of the Financial Director and the Secretary of
the Organisation.We arranged and over invoiced the
contract funds supplied by different companies from
different countries during the crisis. 

It was our consensus to seek the assistance of a
willing foreigner to provide us with the facilities to
transfer this money out of West Africa.This is borne
out of our beleif in the non-stable and sporous
political nature of this sub-region.

The original contractors have been duely paid by the
Banque Centrale Des Etats De L`Afrique De L`Ouest
(Central Bank of the West African States)through our
bankers-Societe Generale Banque.This balance is
suspended in the escrow accounts awaiting claims by
any foreign company of our choice.We intend to pay out
this fund NOW as the organisation is winding up its
activities since the aim of returning PEACE to the
countries and the coast has been achieved.

Based on the laws and ethics of employment,we as civil
servants working under this organisation, are not
allowed to operate a foreign account.This is the more
reason why we needed your assistance to provide an
account that can sustain this fund for safe keeping
and our future investment with your comprehensiv! e
advise,assistance and partnership in your country.

It is however agreed,as the account owner in this deal
to allow you 30% of the entire sum as compensation,65%
will be held on trust for us while 5% will be used to
defray any incidental charges and cost during the
course of the transaction.

This transaction will be successfully concluded within
14 days if you accord us your unalloyed and due
cooperation.You should provide the followings; 

YOUR COMPANY`S NAME WITH COMPLETE ADDRESS,TEL
AND FAX NUMBERS.(if available)

THE NAME OF YOUR BANK,ITS ADDRESS WITH TEL,FAX
AND TELEX NUMBERS.

THE ACCOUNT NUMBER

THE COMPLETE MAILING ADRRESS OF THE BENEFICIARY 
WITH TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS.

Upon the receipt of this informations,the documents
and approval with the texts will be sent to you for
confirmaton and then forwarded to the organisation for
ratification and subsequent payment.

As with the case of all organised (s! ensitive)and
conspired DEALS,we solicit for your unreserved
confidentiality and utmost secret in this business. We
hope to retire peacefully and lead a honourable
business life afterwards.There are no risks involved.

Reply Asap. 
With Regards.

Austin Dunger.









__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! SiteBuilder - Free, easy-to-use web site design software
http://sitebuilder.yahoo.com

</p>

</body></html>