<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-errors-to" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Mrs Farah al-hashemi." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi&quot; &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="msalhak@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2005-07-28T08:12:21Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bg-comp-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bg-comp-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="bg-comp-owner@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="bg-comp-owner@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Errors-To" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="farashemi@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="farashemi@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mrs Farah al-hashemi." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070728081524.70A1AC155@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi&quot; &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi&quot; &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-To" content="bg-comp-owner@lists.si.UM" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2005-07-28T08:12:21Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 Sat, 28 Jul 2007 04:15:24 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2005-07-28T08:12:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Delivered-To" content="bg-comp-owner@lists.si.UM	for &lt;bg-comp-owner@lists.si.UM&gt;;	Sat, 28 Jul 2007 04:15:24 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jul 28 04:18:23 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM&gt; for &lt;bg-comp-owner@lists.si.UM&gt;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20070728081524.70A1AC155@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="mailman-bounces@krusty.si.UM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi&quot; &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3875" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs  Farah Al-hashemi &lt;msalhak@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070728081524.70A1AC155@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="bg-comp-owner@lists.si.UM" />
<title>From Mrs Farah al-hashemi.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mrs Farah al-Hashemi
Address: Chiang Rai hospital
31-12 Chiang Rai - Lampoon Rd,
,Chiang Rai Thailand

Dearest Beloved,

Thank you for the attention beeing given to  my mail.I am Mrs.Farah al-Hashemi, The wife of iraq military finance corps Chief, who was incharge of the payment of the military salary during his life service
time . I am 58 years old, i am now receiving treatment in the hospital. It's quite obvious that I won't live Longer according to my doctor as i am sufering from my kidney transplant illness,this is because my illness has gotten to a very bad stage.

My late husband died from the British and American attacks over my country ,and during the period of our marriage we had two male children Musa and Idris.After the death of my husband , I inherited some money which my late husband deposited with a Security Finance Company in Thailand for safety.The doctor has advised me that I may not live long, so I now decided to contact you to assist my two sons to claim this money From where it was deposited and guide them for investment as you are a potential business man.

My family will be interested in doing business in your country, thefore i would like to seek your assistance and help.I am interested particularly in properties , but your advise on other areas of private sector would be highly appreciated, i am in believe that you would be of great help in guiding my two sons to a sucessful exploration of the investment potentials of your country , which guarantees good capital returns and human security .As a result of this, i can take you in
confidence bassically due of the source of the fund , hereby believing that your assistance will be profitable to us.

The amount in question is USD$12 Million .I will appreciate your willingness to carry this transactions the gratification remark which will be determined as soon as i hear from you i have maped out 20%, for your assistance and 5% would be used for the re-embursement of any expenses that is encurred during on the process of this transaction .

Lastly, I honestly pray that this money when transferred to your country will be used for the said purpose of investing in the industry, because I have come to find out that wealth acquisition without Allah is vanity upon vanity.
I await your urgent reply to enable me up-date you with more information and how to proced.
Do feel free to ask me any question if you wish to as my husbands death has blocked every trace of this money from us,the documentations relating to the deposit of this fund are all intact with my first son for your verification . you can get back to me with this email farashemi@myway.com. I await to hearing from you soonest.

Yours Sincerely.
Mrs Farah al-Hashemi




</p>

</body></html>