<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="HELLO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SA-Exim-Mail-From" content="christopherwilson@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="christopherwilson@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sa-exim-version" content="4.1 (built Sun, 16 Jan 2005 06:17:22 -0500)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;2424.41.219.217.53.1187430731.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELLO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3        Sat, 18 Aug 2007 09:52:11 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;2424.41.219.217.53.1187430731.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Christopher  Wilson&quot; &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Christopher  Wilson &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-08-18T09:52:11Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-08-18T09:52:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Aug 18 06:13:41 2007" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Christopher  Wilson" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Christopher  Wilson&quot; &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Christopher  Wilson &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Christopher  Wilson &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;2424.41.219.217.53.1187430731.sunumail@www.sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Christopher  Wilson&quot; &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Christopher  Wilson &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-08-18T09:52:11Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sa-exim-scanned" content="No (on sunusmtp); Unknown failure" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="christopherwilson77@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="christopherwilson77@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sa-exim-mail-from" content="christopherwilson@sunumail.sn" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SUNUMAIL/1.4.2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sa-exim-connect-ip" content="213.154.64.43" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Christopher  Wilson&quot; &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Christopher  Wilson &lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 In his bio-data form, he listed no next of kin. In the field of private" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SA-Exim-Connect-IP" content="213.154.64.43" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;christopherwilson@sunumail.sn&gt; Sat, 18 Aug 2007 09:52:11 -0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SA-Exim-Version" content="4.1 (built Sun, 16 Jan 2005 06:17:22 -0500)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3926" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SA-Exim-Scanned" content="No (on sunusmtp); Unknown failure" />
<title>HELLO</title>
</head>
<body><p>


Good day,

I am Mr.Christopher Wilson, staff of Kleinwort Benson. I am contacting you
concerning a

deceased customer and an investment he placed under our banks management
three years ago.I

Would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail
confidential and respect

the integrity of the information you come by as a result of this mail.

I am contacting you independently of our investigation and no one is
informed of this

communication. I would like to intimate you with certain facts that I
believe would be of

interest to you. In the year 2003, the subject matter; came to our bank to
engage in

business discussions with our private banking division. He informed us
that he had a

financial portfolio of Six Million United States dollars, which he wished
to have us turn

over (invest) on his behalf.

I was the officer assigned to his case, I made numerous suggestions in
line with my duties

as the de-facto chief operations officer of the private banking sector
then, especially

given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank. We met on
numerous occasions prior

to any investments being placed.I encouraged him to consider various
growth funds with prime

ratings.

In mid 2004, he asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to
make an urgent

investment requiring cash payments in Helsinki- Finland. He directed that
I liquidate the

funds and deposit it with a security firm. I informed him that my Bank
would have to make

special arrangements to have this done and in order not to circumvent due
process.
Cash movement across boarders has become especially strict since the
incidents of 9/11. I

contacted my affiliate and made the funds available to the security firm.
I undertook all

the processes and made sure I followed his precise instructions to the
letter and had the

funds deposited with the security firm. The Security Firm is a specialist
private firm that

accepts deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip
corporations that handle

valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to
cash. This small

and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly
placed and

well-connected organizations. In line with instructions, the money was
deposited with the

security firm.
The deceased told me he wanted the money there in anticipation of his
arrival from Norway

later that week. This was the last communication we had, this transpired
around 25th of

November 2004.In June last year, we got a call from the security firm
informing us about the

inactivity of that particular portfolio.  I made futile efforts to locate
the deceased. I

immediately passed the task of locating him to the internal investigations
department of

Kleinwort Benson.Four days later, information started to trickle in,
apparently our client

was dead. A person who suited his description was declared dead of a heart
attack in canne,

in Southern part of France.We were soon enough to identify the body and
cause of death was

confirmed.

 In his bio-data form, he listed no next of kin. In the field of private
banking, opening an

account with us means no one will know of its existence, accounts are
rarely held under a

name; depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous.
This investigation

has for the past months been unfruitful, We've used our private
investigation affiliate

companies to get to the root of the problem. It is this investigation that
resulted in my

being furnished with your details as a possible relative of the deceased.

According to practice, The Security Firm will by the end of this financial
year broadcast a

request for statements of claim to Kleinwort Benson, failing to receive
viable claims they

will most probably revert the deposit back to Kleinwort Benson.This will
result in the money

entering the Kleinwort Benson accounting system and the portfolio will be
out of my hands

and out of the private banking division.This will not happen if I have my
way. What I wish

to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but I want you to
understand something. It

is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics
of the banking

world aberrational.

The world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for
those that occupy

certain offices and oversee certain portfolios. You should have begun by
now to put together

the general direction of what I propose. There is Six Million dollars
deposited in a

security firm, I alone have the deposit details and they will release the
deposit to no one

unless I instruct them to do so. I alone know of the existence of this
deposit for as far as

my Bank  is concerned.

My proposal:I now seek your permission to present you  as a next of kin to
the deceased, as

all documentations will be carefully worked to make you the beneficiary to
the funds $6,000

000 00 (Six Million United states Dollar) ; I am prepared to place you in
a position to

instruct The security Firm to release the deposit to you as the closest
surviving relation.

Upon receipt of the deposit,I am prepared to share the money with you.
That is: I will

simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit
to you. We share

the proceeds 60/40.I would have gone ahead to ask that the funds be
released to me, but that

would have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the
deposit.
We can fine-tune this based on our interactions am aware of the
consequences of this

proposal. I ask that if you find no interest in this project that you
should discard this

mail. I ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive. If my offer is
of no appeal to

you, delete this message and forget I ever contacted you.

Do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal. I am
not a criminal and

what I do, I do not find against good conscience, this may be hard for you
to understand,

but the dynamics of my industry dictates that I make this move. Such
opportunities only come

ones' way once in a lifetime. I cannot let this chance pass me by, for
once I find myself in

total control of my destiny.These chances wont pass me by. I ask that you
do not destroy my

chance, if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with
my life but do not

destroy me. I am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide them
with new

opportunities. There is a reward for this project and it is a task well
worth undertaking.

I have evaluated the risks and the only risk I have here is from you
refusing to work with

me and alerting my bank.  If you give me positive signals, I will initiate
this process

towards a conclusion. I wish to inform you that should you contact me via
official channels;

I will deny knowing you and about this project. I repeat, I do not want
you contacting me

through my official phone lines nor do I want you contacting me through my
official email

account. Contact me only through the numbers I will provide for you and
also through this

email address. I do not want any direct link between you and myself.

My official lines are not secured lines as they are periodically monitored
to assess our

level of customer care in line with our Total Quality Management
Policy.Please observe this

instruction religiously.

Please, again, note that I am a family man, I have a wife and children. I
send you this mail

not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences, but I know
within me that nothing

ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or
on a platter of

gold. This is the one truth I have learned from my private banking
clients. Do not betray my

confidence.

Kindly send your response to my private email:christopherwilson77@yahoo.com

I await your response.

Mr.Christopher Wilson



</p>

</body></html>