<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Do not hestitate to Read" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n.b" content="My beloved friend please if you can perform this task ,please do not hesitate to write me,telling me about your passion to help the less-fortunate." />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="bakri5@dynamixmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="bakri5@dynamixmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;346254315.37702365322708@natrol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Do not hestitate to Read" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;346254315.37702365322708@natrol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;  charset=iso-8859-2" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 for a faster response" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;fhoorizadeh@natrol.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="The Bat! (v2.10) Educational" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Aug 21 17:57:13 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;fhoorizadeh@natrol.com&gt; charset=iso-8859-2" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="The Bat! (v2.10) Educational" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3932" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;346254315.37702365322708@natrol.com&gt;" />
<title>Do not hestitate to Read</title>
</head>
<body><p>To My Beloved Friend
I am writing you this mail after several internal battles in me, if i am doing the right thing, as i have gotten your email ever since but i have been hesitating to write you.
I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe everyone will die someday. My name is K I Bakri , a widower and a former oil investor in Dubai, in the U.A.E.I have been diagnosed with Ideopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis. This is a terminal illness that affects the lungs, it has no cure and i am destined to leave this world any moment from now. I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone(not even myself) but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world. 
I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has called me, I have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends. I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided to give also to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in the Sudan,Indonesia,Norway,Netherland.
Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore. I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which I have there to charity organization in United States of America, they refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them.
The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of Eight Million Five hundred Thousand Dollars($8,500,000) that I have with a Security Company abroad. 
What i want to do is to make you the next of Kin/Beneficiary of this diplomatic box kept with the security company and collect the money stashed in the diplomatic box , and thereafter distirbute the money to the less priviledged and hungry. MY health is failing and there is nothing much i can do towards achieving this last wish of mine,all by myself because of my bedridden state in the hospital.
I have set aside 30% for your time,service and expenses.
N.B:My beloved friend please if you can perform this task ,please do not hesitate to write me,telling me about your passion to help the less-fortunate.
    for a faster response

God be with you
K I Bakri
bakrih10@dynamixmail.com


</p>

</body></html>