<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.168" />
<meta name="subject" content="Read Carefully Please, Company Agent Needed" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="...................................." />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+81=354=603=939            " />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-08-22T20:54:03Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:; " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authenticated-Sender" content="dGFzYWtpaW5mb0BtY2hzaS5jb20=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="+81=936=631=610  " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.168" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="5.409 (*****) ADVANCE_FEE_2 DEAR_SOMETHING" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Read Carefully Please, Company Agent Needed" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;082220072054.6658.46CCA2580008CD7800001A02219791280203010CD2079C080C03BF0100020707050E9C0E9B@mchsi.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authenticated-sender" content="dGFzYWtpaW5mb0BtY2hzaS5jb20= " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-08-22T20:54:03Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-08-22T20:54:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tasakiinfo@mchsi.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-age" content="......................................." />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="AT&amp;T Message Center Version 1 (May  3 2007) " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="5.409 (*****) ADVANCE_FEE_2 DEAR_SOMETHING" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 22 16:54:58 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tasakiinfo@mchsi.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;082220072054.6658.46CCA2580008CD7800001A02219791280203010CD2079C080C03BF0100020707050E9C0E9B@mchsi.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="AT&amp;T Message Center Version 1 (May  3 2007)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3935" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;082220072054.6658.46CCA2580008CD7800001A02219791280203010CD2079C080C03BF0100020707050E9C0E9B@mchsi.com&gt; " />
<title>Read Carefully Please, Company Agent Needed</title>
</head>
<body><p>TASAKI-SHINJU MANUFACTURING COMPANY LTD.
Trusty Kojimachi Bldg. 3-4 Kojimachi, 
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo. 102-0083 Japan.                       
                                   
 
Dear Sir/Madam,
 
 
Our-Ref.Tasaki/24598/07                               Your-Ref-----    


I am Mr. Tasaki Shinju, President of TASAKI-SHINJU MANUFACTURING COMPANY LTD. 
Tasaki-Shinju Company, Ltd. is a subsidiary of the world renown U.S. multi-
energy producer Tasaki-Shinju, in Japan and Asian regions and are producing 
and marketing not only high quality specialty lubricants but also petroleum 
and energy products. We specialized in the Refrigeration Oils, Rubber Process 
Oils, metalworking Oils, Industrial Lubricants, Automotive Lubricants, etc. 
We are currently searching for representatives who can help us establish a 
medium of getting to our customers in the Canada/America and other nearby 
countries as well as making payments through you to us.  
Sunoco, Inc was established in 1954, Entering into a new era where the demand 
for continuous improvement and expansion is far beyond what was perceived and 
required just a few years ago, corporate entities are constantly striving for 
perfection, knowing all too well that tomorrow will be yet another challenge. 
With all the new horizons that unfold before us, the difficulty of venturing 
out into the unknown requires preparation, experience, creativity and 
motivation. We, TASAKI-SHINJU MANUFACTURING COMPANY LTD. take on the challenge 
and look to the expansion of our horizons with pleasure. 
You do not have to leave your present job for this one because this job offer 
will be on a part time basis as it comes once in a while and remuneration is 
on a percentage basis of 10% of the total amount you receive from my customers 
at any time on my behalf. The reason why I seek your assistance is that 
American and Canadian checks take a long time to clear here in Japan, thereby 
holding business down for my associates and me. Now I already have customers 
who are ready to remit cash to me. Please to facilitate the conclusion of this 
transaction if accepted, do send me promptly the following information below 
by My private at infoattasakijapan@yahoo.co.jp
 
NAME.......................................
RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS........................
AGE:.......................................
STATUS:....................................
STATE/COUNTRY..............................
TEL/FAX....................................
NUMBERS....................................
COMPANY NAME............................... 
OCCUPATION.................................
 
We would be glad to have you as one of our esteemed Representative in your 
location and be rest assured that adequate pecuniary and lucrative 
compensations will be given and other benefits follows. Upon appointment, you 
are allowed the opportunity of determining the method or mode through which 
you would be paid for your services as our Representative in any of these 
Regions. 
 
Regards,
TASAKI-SHINJU 
President &amp; CEO
TASAKI-SHINJU MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
TEL: +81=354=603=939            
Fax: +81=936=631=610  
 


</p>

</body></html>