<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS RESPONSE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr.Peter Wong" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="HANG SENG BANK &lt;peter@hangsengbank.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-name" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-08-27T03:08:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="peter@hangsengbank.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="pet_wong155@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.0.1)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20070826220835.c3fnb33v8d9cg8c8@webmail.kw.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="pet_wong155@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS RESPONSE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.0.1)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3	&lt;lorilincoln@kw.com&gt;; Sun, 26 Aug 2007 22:08:35 -0500" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070826220835.c3fnb33v8d9cg8c8@webmail.kw.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr.Peter Wong" />
<meta name="creator" content="HANG SENG BANK &lt;peter@hangsengbank.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr.Peter Wong" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="HANG SENG BANK &lt;peter@hangsengbank.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-08-27T03:08:35Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-08-27T03:08:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;peter@hangsengbank.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Aug 27 00:56:22 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;peter@hangsengbank.com.hk&gt; &lt;lorilincoln@kw.com&gt;; Sun, 26 Aug 2007 22:08:35 -0500" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="HANG SENG BANK" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr.Peter Wong" />
<meta name="Author" content="HANG SENG BANK &lt;peter@hangsengbank.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3942" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="HANG SENG BANK &lt;peter@hangsengbank.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070826220835.c3fnb33v8d9cg8c8@webmail.kw.com&gt;" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS RESPONSE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:Mr.Peter Wong
Hang Seng Bank Ltd
17 Des Voeux Road
Hq Branch.
Hong Kong.

This mail might come to you as a surprise and the temptation to ignore
it as unserious could come into your mind; but please consider it a
divine wish and accept it with a deep sense of humility. I am Mr. Peter
Wong director of operations of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd. I have a obscured
business suggestion for you.

Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client Major Fadi Basem who was with
the Iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for
18 calendar months, with a value of Twenty Four millions Five Hundred
Thousand United State Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity several
notices was sent to him, even during the war early this year. Again
after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from
him. We later find out that the Major and his family had been killed
during the war in bomb blast that hit their home.
After further investigation it was also discovered that Major Fadi
Basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the
paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last
time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my
bank. So, Twenty Four millions Five Hundred Thousand United State
Dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim
it. What bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my
country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the ownership
of the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.
Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as
a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Major Fadi Basem so that you
will be able to receive his funds.

WHAT IS TO BE DONE:
I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we
shall come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will prepare
the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to
Major Fadi Basem , all that is required from you at this stage is for you
to provide me with your Full Names and Address so that the attorney can
commence his job. After you have been made the next of kin, the
attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary
approval and letter of probate in your favour for the move of the funds
to an account that will be provided by you.
There is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going to adopt
a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary
documents. Please endeavour to observe utmost discretion in all matters
concerning this issue.
Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we
shall share in the ratio of 60% for me, 40% for you . Should you be
interested please send me:

NAME:
CONTACT ADDRESS:
PHONE NUMBER :
FAX NUMBER IF ANY:


Reply to: pet_wong155@yahoo.com.hk

Finally after that I shall provide you with more details of this
operation.

Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.

Kind Regards
Mr.Peter Wong


</p>

</body></html>