<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="INHERITANCE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="stevnlee010@sify.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="INHERITANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;60636fj7PNAnkd.RZmta@mo-p07-ob.rzone.de&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;60636fj7PNAnkd.RZmta@mo-p07-ob.rzone.de&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;Windows-1251&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Steven Lee&quot;&lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Steven Lee &lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-08-26T00:05:19Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-08-26T00:05:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-rzg-class-id" content="mo07" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-rzg-auth" content="kRmeOmM28lxyGBuoL7XJFGJc9B4FsaNszuv7js9iKV0hg2J+3mBVChp99YH8aPmuL+E=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Aug 25 20:08:19 2007" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Steven Lee" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Steven Lee&quot;&lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Steven Lee &lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Steven Lee &lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;60636fj7PNAnkd.RZmta@mo-p07-ob.rzone.de&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MimeOLE" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Steven Lee&quot;&lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Steven Lee &lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-08-26T00:05:19Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&lt;stevelee373@sify.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&lt;stevelee373@sify.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Steven Lee&quot;&lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Steven Lee &lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mimeole" content="Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-RZG-CLASS-ID" content="mo07" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-RZG-AUTH" content="kRmeOmM28lxyGBuoL7XJFGJc9B4FsaNszuv7js9iKV0hg2J+3mBVChp99YH8aPmuL+E=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;stevnlee010@sify.com&gt; charset=&quot;Windows-1251&quot; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3944" />
<title>INHERITANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>

FROM THE DESK OF STEVEN LEE
PRIVATE EMAIL:stevelee373@sify.com

URGENT INHERITANCE CLAIM
 
GOOD DAY,
 
I KNOW THIS PROPOSAL WILL COME TO YOU  AS A SURPRISEEXPECIALLY WHEN YOU DO NOT KNOW THE  WRITER,CONDSIDERINGTHE HUGE SUM OF MONEY INVOLVED WHICH  COULD MAKE ANYAPPREHENSIVE. LET ME START BY  INTRODUCING MYSELF TO YOU,I AM STEVEN LEE, THE HEAD OF ACCOUNTING DEPARTMENT OF MY BANK,WHERE AM PRESENTLY WORKING.
 
I SAW YOUR CONTACT DURING MY PRIVATE  SEARCH AT THE INFORMATION CENTRE HERE IN MY COUNTRY CHAMBER OF COMMENCE AND INDUSTRY AND I WANT TO BELIEVE THAT YOU  WILL BE VERYHONEST, COMMITTED AND CAPABLE OF  ASSISTING IN THIS BUSINESS VENTURE.FIRSTLY, LET ME EXPLAIN THE SOURCE OF  THIS FUNDS ANDWHATYOU ARE EXPECTED TO DO. A FORIGNER LATE  MOHAMED KAMALYASSER, OIL MERCHANT/CONTRACTOR, UNTIL HIS DEATH, OVER THE PAST  YEARS AGO, WAS A VICTIM OF AN EGYPTIAN AIRLINE FLIGHT 990  PLANE CRASH.
 
HERE IS DETAILS ABOUT THE PLANE CRASH.(http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/world/americas/502503.stm)THE DECEASED, MOHAMED KAMAL YASSER, BANKED WITH US AND HAS A CLOSING BALANCE AS A JULY 2000 WORTH  $45M (FOURTY FIVE MILLION USD). WHICH MY BANK, NOW  EXPECTES A NEXT-OF-KIN TO CLAIM AS THE BENEFICIARY OF THE FUNDS,  EFFORTS HAS BEEN MADE BY MY BANK   DIRECTORS TO GET INTOUCH WITH THE MR MOHAMED KAMAL YASSER\\\\\\\'S FAMILY OR RELATIVE BUT TO NO SUCCESS BASED ON THE PERCEIVED POSSIBILITY OF NOT BEING ABLE TO LOCATE MOHAMED KAMAL\\\\\\\'S NEXT-OF-KIN, THE MANAGEMENT UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF OUR CHAIRMAN AND THE  BOARD OF DIRECTORS ARE MAKING ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE FUNDS TO  BE DECLARED UNCLAIMED AND CHANNELED TO AN UNKNOWN ACCOUNT.
 
IT IS BASED ON THIS THAT WE HAVE  CONTACTED YOU TO STAND AS THE NEXT-OF-KIN OF LATE MOHAMED KAMAL  YASSER SO THAT THE FUNDS WILL BE RELEASED AND PAID INTO  YOUR ACCOUNT AS THE BENEFICIARY AND THE NEXT-OF-KIN TO THE  DECEASED. 
 
ALL DOCUMENTS, AND PROOF TO ENABLE YOU  GET THE FUNDS HAVE BEEN CAREFULLY WORKED OUT AS WE HAVE  SECURED FROM THE DIFFERENT OFFICES CONCERNED FOR THE  SMOOTH TRANSFER OF THE FUND TO YOUR NOMINATED ACCOUNT.IT HAS  BEEN AGREED THAT THE OWNER OF THE ACCOUNT WILL BE  COMPENSATED WITH 30% OF THE REMITTED FUNDS, WHILE WE KEEP 65% AND  5% WILL BE SET ASIDE TO OFFSET EXPENSES 
BOTH LOCALLY AND  INTERNATIONAL.
 
IF THIS PROPOSAL SATISFIES YOU, PLEASE  REACH ME THROUGH MY DIRECT EMAIL ADDRESS FOR MORE  INFORMATION AND ALSO SEND ME YOUR CONTACT TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER INCLUDING YOUR CELL PHONE NUMBER FOR QUICK AND EASY COMMUNICATION.I AWAIT YOUR URGENT RESPONSE, ALL THE BEST AND GOD BLESS YOU. PLEASE EMAIL ME ON THIS MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADRESS:stevenlee373@yahoo.com
FOR SECURITY REASON.
       
YOURS FAITHFULLY,
STEVEN LEE.


</p>

</body></html>