<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="!WORK WITH ME URGENT!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-flag" content="YES" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-08-28T22:06:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="info.liuyan@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.4)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20070828150615.qnykxdguo80k4ook@12.184.45.58&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="!WORK WITH ME URGENT!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Flag" content="YES" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.4)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20070828150615.qnykxdguo80k4ook@12.184.45.58&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=ISO-8859-1;	DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;	format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-08-28T22:06:15Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 charset=ISO-8859-1;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-08-28T22:06:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-received-spf" content="none (mxus7: 12.184.45.58 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of yahoo.com.hk) client-ip=12.184.45.58; envelope-from=liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk; helo=mail.greenesthost.com; DelSp=&quot;Yes&quot;;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n" content="B Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Received-SPF" content="none (mxus7: 12.184.45.58 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of yahoo.com.hk) client-ip=12.184.45.58; envelope-from=liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk; helo=mail.greenesthost.com;	Aug 2007 15:06:15 -0700" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Aug 29 05:27:43 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;acl-webmaster-errors@UM&gt; Aug 2007 15:06:15 -0700 format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="info.liuyan@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="LIUYANMAILPOST" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3947" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="LIUYANMAILPOST &lt;liuyan_office@yahoo.com.hk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20070828150615.qnykxdguo80k4ook@12.184.45.58&gt;" />
<title>!WORK WITH ME URGENT!</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Dear  friend,

This letter must surprise you because we have never meet before neither in
person nor by correspondence, but I believe that it takes just one day to meet
or know someone either physically or through correspondence.
I got your contact through my personal search, you were revealed as  
being quite
astute in private entrepreneurship, and one has no doubt in your ability to
handle a financial business transaction. I am Mr. Liu Yan a transfer  
supervisor
operations in investment section in Bank of China Ltd. Secretariat of  
the BOCHK
Charitable Foundation 13/F. Bank of China Tower, 1 Garden Road, Hong  
Kong I have
an obscured business suggestion for you.Before the U.S and Iraqi war  
our client
General Mohammed Jassim Ali who work with the Iraqi forces and also  
business man
made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months, with a value of Nineteen
million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only in my branch.

Upon maturity several notices was sent to him, even early in the war. Again
after the war another notification was sent and still no response came  
from him.
We later find out that General Mohammed Jassim Ali and his family had been
killed during the war in a bomb blast that hit their home.After further
investigation it was also discovered that General Mohammed Jassim Ali did not
declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his
bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at my  
office that
no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So, Nineteen million Five
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars is still lying in my bank and  
no one will
ever come forward to claim it. What bothers me most is that, according  
to the to
the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the
ownership of the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.
Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand as the next of kin to General Mohammed Jassim Ali  
so that you
will be able to receive his funds.I want you to know that I have had  
everything
planned out so that we shall come out successful. I have contacted an attorney
that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of
kin to General Mohammed Jassim Ali, all what is required from you at  
this stage
is for you to provide me with your Full Names, private phone number  
and Address
so that the attorney can commence his job. After you have been made  
the next of
kin, the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the
necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the transfer of the
funds to an account that will be provided by you with my guidiance.There is no
risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized  
method and
the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents.

Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this
issue. Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we
shall discuss the percentage issue on your reply.If you are interested please
send me your full names, private phone/fax and current residential address.

Kind Regards

Liu Yan.
N:B Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.
Please make sure you contact me on my private email: info.liuyan@yahoo.com.hk



</p>

</body></html>