<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by longan.cc.CU id l8DF54Uo024250" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.165" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="82.128.19.22" />
<meta name="subject" content="Re: eMAIL From John Davids" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2007-09-13T15:05:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mobeef@birch.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.165" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="khaledbinalwalid@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-score" content="5.503 (*****) ADVANCE_FEE_2 ADVANCE_FEE_3 ADVANCE_FEE_4 CU_RE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from 8bit to quoted-printable by longan.cc.CU id l8DF54Uo024250" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1189695902.46e9519f018e1@webmail.birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Re: eMAIL From John Davids" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3          by mx01.birch.net (qmail-ldap-1.03) with SMTP          for &lt;rachelsk@concentric.net&gt;; 13 Sep 2007 15:05:04 -0000" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1189695902.46e9519f018e1@webmail.birch.net&gt; you" />
<meta name="creator" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2007-09-13T15:05:03Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="CMU Sieve 2.3 for &lt;rachelsk@concentric.net&gt;; 13 Sep 2007 15:05:04 -0000 did" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2007-09-13T15:05:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Score" content="5.503 (*****) ADVANCE_FEE_2 ADVANCE_FEE_3 ADVANCE_FEE_4 CU_RE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 13 11:05:26 2007" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt; by mx01.birch.net (qmail-ldap-1.03) with SMTP any" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="khaledbinalwalid@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="82.128.19.22" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-3971" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Khaled Bin al- Walid &lt;mobeef@birch.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1189695902.46e9519f018e1@webmail.birch.net&gt; you" />
<title>Re: eMAIL From John Davids</title>
</head>
<body><p>

Attention,

Do not be offended if by any way this email is offensive to your personal
being; well,my name is John Davids, I work with a reputable organisation here
in London-England. I am contacting you based on investing certain amount of
monies on properties allocation. For the fact that you do not know me does not
mean you should discard this email, rather it gives a room why you and I
should be business partners. Please note here that this venture is not in any
form, way or likes with whatever you might have heard, neither received nor
been through before. However, my main reasons for contacting you is to seek
and reach a mutual agreement with you, thus needing your assistance in
conveying certain amount of monies to you in your country; most of the monies
would be utilized judiciously mostly on Properties.

This fund - US$38 Million which came to my notice after going through series
of abandoned files of foreign account holder at my organisation; the peculiar
file that got my attention was that of a Russian; Stoitckov Huroni, who I did
some research on and found out he was an Oil tycoon from Tomsk, Russia.
According to my findings, the deceased has been a reputable client to this
organisation; After much findings on this Multimillionaire business oil
tycoon, I decided to take it upon myself and find out much about this man; I
found out he has no living relatives! I also discovered that he actually died
in Jail due to his brutal arrest by the Russian President, Vladimir Putin; I
decided to take this issue up and I met with some colleagues; we thus decided
and agreed to transfer the fund into an escrow account pending till we find a
trustworthy person or good firm with great business margin whose account we
will transfer this fund for mutual. Reasons for this steps is to avoid a
situation where at the end of this quarter, the top executives of this
organisation will confiscate the account and diffuse this money among
themselves because the President of Russia had made it known any foreign
organisation accommodating funds of his political rivals would have herself to
blame.

We also discovered the Russian President, Mr. Putin has held up and seized all
monies lodged in foreign account by his political rival, and one of such
people was the unfortunate Mr. Huroni. What we intend to do upon your
acceptance is to use you as a Next of Kin of late Mr. Stoitckov Huroni and
transfer this fund into your account and of which you would be greatly awarded
in kind for your participation. Having stated the above, it will interest you
to know that, there is no risk or whatsoever involved in this transaction
hence we have perfected all modalities to make this a success while requesting
for a catalogue of properties for sale in your country, for our study.

Should you be interested therefore, do contact me through my email address –
lloyds-tsb@web2mail.com else ignore this message! You would be given more
details upon your acceptance to be a foreign partner!!!

Best Regards,

John Davids
*******************************************************************************
*****************
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This electronic message contains information which may
be legally confidential, discrete and/or privileged and does not in any case
an offensive to your person . The information is intended solely for the
individual or entity named above and access by anyone else is unauthorized. If
you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution, or
use of the contents of this information is prohibited and may be unlawful. If
you have received this electronic transmission in error, please reply
immediately to the sender that you have received the message in error, and
delete it. © 2007 Lloyds TSB Bank
*******************************************************************************
*****************



</p>

</body></html>