<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY TO YOU" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;PRINCE OBONG ELEME&quot; &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="PRINCE OBONG ELEME &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="obong_715@epatra.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-11-01T06:44:20Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY TO YOU" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200210312253.g9VMreDj018024@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;PRINCE OBONG ELEME&quot; &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="PRINCE OBONG ELEME &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;PRINCE OBONG ELEME&quot; &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="PRINCE OBONG ELEME &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-11-01T06:44:20Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="obong_715@epatra.com  " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-11-01T06:44:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="PRESIDENT,CEO Sir/ Madam. " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Oct 31 17:53:56 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200210312253.g9VMreDj018024@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="PRINCE OBONG ELEME" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;PRINCE OBONG ELEME&quot; &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="PRINCE OBONG ELEME &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-4" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="PRINCE OBONG ELEME &lt;obong_715@epatra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200210312253.g9VMreDj018024@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY TO YOU</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM HIS ROYAL MAJESTY (HRM) CROWN RULER OF ELEME KINGDOM 
CHIEF DANIEL ELEME, PHD, EZE 1 OF ELEME.E-MAIL 
ADDRESS:obong_715@epatra.com  

ATTENTION:PRESIDENT,CEO Sir/ Madam. 

This letter might surprise you because we have met
neither in person nor by correspondence. But I believe
it is one day that you got to know somebody either in
physical or through correspondence. 

I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the
chambers of commerce and industry of your country on
the net, you and your organization were revealed as
being quite astute in private entrepreneurship, one
has no doubt in your ability to handle a financialbusiness transaction. 

However, I am the first son of His Royal
majesty,Obong.D. Eleme , and the traditional Ruler of
Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River
State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in
respect of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million United
State Dollars), which I inherited, from my latefather. 

This money was accumulated from royalties paid to my
father as compensation by the oil firms located in our
area as a result of oil presence on our land, which
hamper agriculture, which is our major source oflivelihood. 

Unfortunately my father died from protracted
diabetes.But before his death he called my attention
and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two
boxes with a security firm with an open beneficiary
status. The lodgment security code number was also
revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a
reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me
in investing the money in a lucrative business as a
result of economic instability in Nigeria. So this is
the main reason why I am contacting you for us to move
this money from the security firm to any Country of
your choice for investment purpose. 

So I will like you to be the ultimate beneficiary, so
that the funds can be moved in your name and
particulars to any Country of your choice where it
will be claimed and invested. Hence my father have had
intimated the security firm personnel that the
beneficiary of the box is his foreign partner whose
particulars will be forwarded to the firm when due. 

But I will guide you Accordingly. As soon as the funds
reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so
that we can discuss physically on investment
potentials. Based on this assistance my Family and I
have unanimously decided to give you 30% of the total
money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which
may arise during this transaction, Fax and phone bills
inclusive. The balance of 55% you will invest andmanaged for my Family. 

I hereby guarantee you that this is not government
money, it is not drug money and it is not money from
arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of
confidentiality on this matter. I will give more
details about the proceedings of this transaction as
soon as I receive your favorable reply. 

Please reply to my Email Address:obong_715@epatra.com
I hope this will be the beginning of a prosperous
relationship between my family and your family. 

Nevertheless if you are for any reason not interested,
kindly inform me immediately so that I will look foranother contact. 

I am waiting for your quick response. 

Yours faithfully, 

Prince Obong Eleme

</p>

</body></html>