<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="please reply" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR. GODWIN KALALA&quot; &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR. GODWIN KALALA &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="1980-01-15T21:36:41Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="gokalala5@tiscali.co.uk " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="gokalala5@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="please reply" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200309042137.h84LZ5H9023267@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR. GODWIN KALALA&quot; &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="DR. GODWIN KALALA &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR. GODWIN KALALA&quot; &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR. GODWIN KALALA &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="1980-01-15T21:36:41Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="1980-01-15T21:36:41Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;	for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Thu, 4 Sep 2003 17:37:05 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000 " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep  4 17:37:37 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt; for &lt;acl-webmaster@cs.CU&gt;; Thu, 4 Sep 2003 17:37:05 -0400 (EDT) " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200309042137.h84LZ5H9023267@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR. GODWIN KALALA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR. GODWIN KALALA&quot; &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="DR. GODWIN KALALA &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-402" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR. GODWIN KALALA &lt;gokalala1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200309042137.h84LZ5H9023267@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt; " />
<title>please reply</title>
</head>
<body><p>Investment Proposal from:
DR. GODWIN KALALA
C/o Afri-Projects Consult Ltd.,
No. 53 Opebi Road, Ikeja,
Lagos Nigeria.
Fax:234-1-7598296.

REQUEST FOR A MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL BUSINESS
RELATIONSHIP:PERMISSION TO REMIT US$35MILLION INTO YOUR COMPANY OR
PRIVATE ACCOUNT.

With due respect, trust and humility, I write you this
proposal believing that it will receive the most
desired attention from you even as we have not had any
previous correspondence before.

Although I am constrained by insufficient information
about you, but I will express in full the main
objectives of this proposal.

This request for your assistance is of mutual benefit
to us all. Our company is specialized in contract
syndication, projects consulting,
monitoring/supervision and management services. We
would like to solicit your kindness in assisting us to
champion the transfer of some fund from our country to
yours for safe keeping. The total amount of fund is
US$35million (Thirty-five Million United States
Dollars Only).

SOURCE OF THIS FUND:
We have used our network of relationships, to secure a
contract valued at US$350,000,000.00 (THREE HUNDRED
AND FIFTY MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY) from the
Federal Ministry of Works &amp; Housing (F.M.W.H.). This
contract was in favour of a Foreign based
Multi-national company. This contract has been fully
executed and the contractors have already received
their payments from the Ministry of Works &amp; Housing.

However, before the contract was awarded, we had
understanding with officials of Federal Ministry of
Works &amp; Housing, that 10% (TEN PERCENT) of the total
contract sum would be our commission for our services
in recommending the contractors and for helping to
conduct various negotiations leading to final
agreement. This 10% amounting to US$35,000,00.00
(THIRTY-FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY) is
due for payment to a foreign account of our choice.
This amount is owned by our goodselves and some top
officials of Federal Ministry of Works &amp; Housing.

Basically, you would be required to nominate a
suitable Bank Account that will conveniently
accommodate the total fund. Account could be a fresh
or an already existing one, and could be individual or
corporate account. All necessary arrangement have been
made for the transfer of the funds into your account
which they are awaiting for your above mentioned
details to enable us make proper documentation of the
payments in your favour and apply for the transfer of
the funds into your account. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE
TRANSFER OPERATION WILL TAKE SEVEN TO TEN WORKING DAYS
TO BE COMPLETED. I would need your personal assurance
that you would not sit on the money when its finally
get into your account.

SHARING MODALITIES:
You shall be entitled to 25% of this fund for your
envisaged efforts and assistance rendered. 5% has been
set aside for reimbursement to both parties for
incidental expenses that may be incurred in the course
of this transaction. The remaining 70% would be for
our company and the top officials.

This proposal is strictly confidential, free from any
form of risk and does not depend on any particular
field of trade to prosecute. Therefore, the line of
business of yourself/company is not a hindrance to the
successful execution of this transaction. It however
requires your adequate participation and support to
enable its accomplishment on schedule.

Be informed that on completion of this business our
company will use part of its share of the money to
invest in your country under your care.

Please send email to me on my Private
E-mail Address: gokalala5@tiscali.co.uk or you can send
me a fax on my confidential fax number 234-1-7598296
so that we can commence the whole transaction.

Thanks in anticipation and God bless.


DR.GODWIN KALALA.









</p>

</body></html>