<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="     URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-09-04T18:20:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="hellenshaka@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="PROSODY@list.msu.edu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="PROSODY@list.msu.edu" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="PROSODY@list.msu.edu" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="hellenshaka@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="03b0053a-328c-4d8d-8e87-d41a0d293fec" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content=" &lt;200309041817.OAA12138@list.msu.edu&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="hellenshaka@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="     URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL," />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200309041817.OAA12138@list.msu.edu&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-09-04T18:20:07Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-09-04T18:20:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;R@O&gt;	for &lt;R@O&gt;; Thu, 4 Sep 2003 14:45:46 -0400 (EDT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep  4 14:45:49 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;R@O&gt; for &lt;R@O&gt;; Thu, 4 Sep 2003 14:45:46 -0400 (EDT) I got your contact through network online hence i decided to write you. =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="Prosody Discussion List &lt;PROSODY@list.msu.edu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="Prosody Discussion List &lt;PROSODY@list.msu.edu&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-404" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="HELLEN SHAKA ZUMA &lt;hellenshaka@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200309041817.OAA12138@list.msu.edu&gt;" />
<title>     URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL,</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>
E-Mail, Address, hellenshakashaka@netscape.net


Dear Friend


You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally. I am the first daughter of the most popular black farmer in Zimbabwe who was murdered in the land dispute in my country.

 I got your contact through network online hence i decided to write you. Before the death of my father, he took me to Johannesburg to deposit the sum of US$30 Million (thirty million United States dollars), in one of the  security company, as he foresaw the looming danger in Zimbabwe. This money was deposited in a box as gem stones to avoid much demurrage from the Security Company.

This amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the Farms and establishment of new farms in Swaziland. This land problem came when Zimbabwean President Mr. Robert Mugabe,  introduced a new Land Act Reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and some few black farmers, and this resulted to the killing and mob action by Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society. In fact a lot of people were killed because of this Land reform Act for which my father was one of the victims. it is against this background that I and my family fled

Zimbabwe to South Africa for fear of our lives.

After which, I traveled to the Netherlands and I am currently staying in the Netherlands where i am seeking political asylum and more so have decided to transfer my father's money to a more reliable foreign account. Since the law of Europe prohibits a refugee (asylum seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction throughout the territorial zone of European Union. As the eldest child of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything we have got.

The South African government seems to be playing along with them. I am faced with the dilemma of moving this amount of money out of my family name for fear of going through difficulty in future. Both countries have similar political history. I am seeking for a partner who I have to entrust my future and that of my family in his hands, I must let you know that this transaction is risk free. If you accept to assist me and my family, all I want you to do for me, is to make arrangements with the security company to clear the Consignment (funds) from their affiliate office here in the Netherlands as i have already given directives for the consignment to be brought to the Netherlands from South Africa.

But before then all modalities will have to be put in place like change of ownership to the consignment. I have two options for you. Firstly you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction. Or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country. Whichever the option you want, feel free to notify me. I have also mapped out 5% of this money for all kinds of expenses incurred in the process of this transaction.

If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 20% of the money while the remaining 75% will be for my investment in any of the country of your choice.  while I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction.
I await your immediate reply and God bless.

Best regards,
Hellen Shaka Zuma

NOTE:
ON YOUR INABILITY TO HANDLE THIS TRANSACTION RESPOND TO ME AND INFORM ME SO I CAN LOOK FOR SOMEONE ELSE.




</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>