<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gB613Yj31164" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="172.21.1.219" />
<meta name="subject" content="INVESTMENT BASED ON TRUST" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-12-06T01:03:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id gB613Yj31164" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;3DB4C71F001B8F24@mss4n.bluewin.ch&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="INVESTMENT BASED ON TRUST" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;3DB4C71F001B8F24@mss4n.bluewin.ch&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="creator" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-12-06T01:03:19Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0 For your assistance in this business , your share will be 30% of the total" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-12-06T01:03:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;john2002@bluemail.ch&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;john2002@bluemail.ch&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Thu, 5 Dec 2002 20:03:33 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Bluewin WebMail / BlueMail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Dec  5 20:03:42 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;john2002@bluemail.ch&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;john2002@bluemail.ch&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Thu, 5 Dec 2002 20:03:33 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="Author" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="172.21.1.219" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Bluewin WebMail / BlueMail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-41" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="john2002@bluemail.ch" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;3DB4C71F001B8F24@mss4n.bluewin.ch&gt;" />
<title>INVESTMENT BASED ON TRUST</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dr John Ejime 
Office of the Financial Controller 
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation 
Falamo Ikoyi Lagos-Nigeria. 
Tel/ Fax: 234 1 7592865. 

REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION. 
Dear Sir,
I am Dr.John Ejime,the financial controller of the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation Headquarters Lagos. I am writing you on behalf of my colleagues
in the corporation and have been assign to seek for the assistance of a
reliable foreign company through which we can transfer the sum of Thirty
Five Million United States Dollars Only (US$35,000,000). This fund is deposited
in the Corporation Treasury account with the Apex Bank. 
ORIGIN OF THE FUND: 
This sum arose from the deliberated over-invoicing of a contract awarded
by my ministry Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation to foreign firm in
the twinlight days of the last military regime. This contract has been completely
executed and commissioned and the contractor that handled this contract
has collected his full and final payment thus leaving behind the above stated
amount which represent the over invoiced sum. We have been safeguarding
this money for conducive time for it's transfer out of the country for our
personal use. However, the code of employment does not allow us (civil servant)
to own and operate foreign account and because the contract was handled
by a foreign firm and the payment made in dollars, we now need a foreign
partner that will present himself as the sub-contractor so that the fund
will be transfer into your company's or personal account. Your address was
made available to us by a very good friend who work with the Nigeria export
promotion council and he assured us of your company's viability and capability
in business transaction. This assurance gave us the courage to link you
up in this particular transaction and I hope it will be of mutual benefit
to all of us. Note that the nature of your business is not particularly
relevant to the success of the transaction. All we require is your willingness
to present yourself as the subcontractor by providing your bank information
so that the fund will be transferred into your account. 
SHARING RATIO:
 For your assistance in this business , your share will be 30% of the total
fund. I and my colleagues will take 60% while we set aside 10% for any expenses
that may incurred in the course of this transaction. If you are willing
to assist us in this business. Send the following information. 
1. Name of your bank and address 
2. Your account number/beneficiaryâs name. 
3. Your private telephone and fax number for easy communication. 
This information will enable us put an application for payment approval
to the concerned Ministries and final to the Senate Committee on Contract
Payment and it is going to last for fourteen working days starting from
the day we receive the above information. All modalities for the take off
of this transaction have been worked out and further action will commence
immediately we hear from you. I am waiting for your reply by fax on this
fax number :234-1-7592865 as stated above. 
Yours faithfully. 
Dr.John Ejime. 


</p>

</body></html>