<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[196.23.181.73]" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL  " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRVINO.F.KONI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="vino koni &lt;vinokoni5@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.msn.co.za/weather/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="vinokoni5@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-09-10T09:53:42Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="vinokoni5@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="vinokoni5@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="vinokoni5@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL  " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY9-F7MGN7OsdtxxJO0000a0af@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="10 Sep 2003 09:53:42.0674 (UTC) FILETIME=[6B08EF20:01C37781]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY9-F7MGN7OsdtxxJO0000a0af@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[vinokoni5@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRVINO.F.KONI" />
<meta name="creator" content="vino koni &lt;vinokoni5@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRVINO.F.KONI" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="vino koni &lt;vinokoni5@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-09-10T09:53:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-09-10T09:53:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;vinokoni5@hotmail.com&gt;	Wed, 10 Sep 2003 09:53:42 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="10 Sep 2003 09:53:42.0674 (UTC) FILETIME=[6B08EF20:01C37781]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Sep 10 05:53:47 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[vinokoni5@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;vinokoni5@hotmail.com&gt; Wed, 10 Sep 2003 09:53:42 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="vino koni" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRVINO.F.KONI" />
<meta name="Author" content="vino koni &lt;vinokoni5@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[196.23.181.73]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-409" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="vino koni &lt;vinokoni5@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY9-F7MGN7OsdtxxJO0000a0af@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PROPOSAL  </title>
</head>
<body><p>


(vinokoni5@hotmail.com)
FROM:MRVINO.F.KONI
TEL.+27-82-679-3775
FAX;+27-11-484-4082
NO 25 CLAIM STREET Johannesburg
SOUTH AFRICA



Dear SIR/MADAM,

Peace and love of God be with You.I guess this letter may come to you as a 
surprise since i had no previous correspondence with you.Please excuse me 
the emberassment this letter might cause you and try to excesise a little 
patience in other to understand its content properly.

I learnt that many Africans has used the advantage of what happened to us in 
my country to deceive some innocent souls and may be some has even used my 
fathers name because of his purpularity and greatness.But what we all need 
to understand in this world is that everybody will answer for him or herself 
on the last day.

My name is Mr VINO.F.KONI and i am the only son of my parents. Myfather is 
Mr Johnson Koni and my mother is mrs Rose.s.Koni. I am a graduate of federal 
university of science and technology Harare,Zimbabwe and my discipline is 
Agricultural engineering.After my graduation,I decided to work for my father 
as his manager.My father has two big farms that are well known in Zimbabwe 
and has many workers that were working for him.

I managed my fathers farms for two years before we had in my country.I got 
your contact through network online decided to write you to explain my 
situation and request for your assistance.

This crises was as a result of a new land Act reform introduced by president 
Robert Mugabe which wholly affected most white farmers and few black 
farmers.This resulted in the killing and mob action  by Zimbabwean war 
veterans and some lunatics in the society.Infact a lot of people were killed 
because of this land reform act of which my father was a victim.

But before the death of my father,  as if he knew he was going to die 
informed me about the money he deposited with a security and finance firm in 
South Africa.The total amount is twenty three million,two hundred thousand 
POUNDS (M23,200,000,POUNDS) and this money was deposited in a box as germ 
stones to avoid much demurrage from the Security and finance firm. This 
amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the 
farms and establishment of a new farm in Swaziland.

One month after my father's death,I and my mother decided to travell to 
South Africa for our lives and decided to look for a trustworthy foreigner 
who will help us to transfer this money out of South Africa
because we are staying as refugees here in South Africa and refugees are not 
alowed to open bank accounts or involved in any financial transaction in 
South Africa.I have all the documents concerning
this money and what i am seeking for is a genuine foreign account where this 
money could be transferred into without the knowledge of my government who 
are bent on collecting everything that belongs to my father.

All i am looking for is an honest business man or woman, whom I can entrust 
my future and that of my family . I must also let you know that this 
transaction is 100%risk free. If you accept to assist
me and my family all I want from you is for you to make arrangements and 
come to Johannesburg  South Africa, so that you can help me open a 
nonresident account in your name which will aid us in transferring the money 
into any account you will nominate overseas.

If you are willing to help me,I have two options of compasaction for 
you,firstly you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for 
nominating your account for this transaction, Or you can
go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the 
money in your country. Which ever the option you chooses,feel free to notify 
me.

I have also mapped out 5% of this money for all kinds of expenses we might 
incure in the process of this transaction. If you do not prefer a 
partnership I am willing to give you 25% of the money while the remaining 
70% will remain for me and my family.If you are realy capable and willing to 
assist me please contact me immediately through my direct telephone number 
+27-82-679-3775 or this e-mail address with which i have sent you this 
message.

Finally, please treat this matter as urgent as to save my family from much 
expences caused by demaurage being accumulating on daily bases for the money 
in the security company.Thanks for your mutual
co-operation while i wait for your soonest response.Remain blessed.

Yours Faithfuly,
MR VINO.F.KONI
(for and on behalf of my family)
(vinokoni5@hotmail.com)

_________________________________________________________________
Rain coat or t-shirt?  Find out with MSN Weather 
http://www.msn.co.za/weather/


</p>

</body></html>