<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Hello dear" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr..John Chukwu&quot; &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr..John Chukwu &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="johnchukwu1@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-09-20T13:28:35Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="johnchukwu1@maktoob.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="johnchukwu1@maktoob.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Hello dear" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200309200556.h8K5uEv24190@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr..John Chukwu&quot; &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr..John Chukwu &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr..John Chukwu&quot; &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr..John Chukwu &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-09-20T13:28:35Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-09-20T13:28:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 20 10:33:53 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200309200556.h8K5uEv24190@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr..John Chukwu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr..John Chukwu&quot; &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr..John Chukwu &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-423" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr..John Chukwu &lt;johnchukwu1@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200309200556.h8K5uEv24190@spacecowboys.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Hello dear</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mr..John Chukwu
Chartered Bank  (CB).
Lagos-Nigeria




Attn: Sir/Madam.
In order to transfer out Twenty Two Million United
States Dollars from Chartered Bank (CB). I wish
to ask for your assistance, believing that you will
never let me down either now or in future. I got your
e-mail address from the e-mail directory in the
internet.

I am Mr..John Chukwu, the Chief Auditor of Chartered Bank (CB).
There was an account opened in this bank in 1983 and since 1989 nobody has
operated on this account till date. After my long investigation
to my greatest suprise I came to find out that the
owner of the account who is Mr.Peter B. Andreas, a
foreigner, crude oil exporter, who died in 1990.

This account has no beneficiary, infact no other
person knows about this account or anything about the
account, and my investigation proved to me as well
that this company does not exist anymore in NIgeria.
The amount involved is USD 22M, which i seek your
consent to transfer to a safe foreign account. I do
not know any foreigner that i can trust either than
you, I am only contacting you as a foreigner because
this money can not be claimed by a Nigerian because
the rightful owner of the account (Mr. Peter) is a
foreigner.

I know that this mail will come to you as a surprise
as we do not know each other before hand. we will be
needed to sign an Agreement as a security so that we
cannot betray the trust that will be given to
eachother in this legitimate and joint venture, which
demand utmost secrecy and confidential.

I am contacting you because of the need to involve a
foreigner with foreign account and foreign
beneficiary. I need your full co-operation for us to
have a successful transaction. Because the management
is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who
has correct information of this account, which I will
give to you immediately i receive your positive reply.

With my position now in the office I can authorise the
immediate transfer of this money to any foreign
reliable account which you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending my physical
arrival in your country for sharing and further
investment. I will destroy all documents used in this
transaction immediately we must have transferred this
money to your nominated account sucessfully, so as to
avoid any document trace by any person.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa to your
country immediately you confirm me that you are
willing to assist me. I will also use my position and
influence to effect legal approvals and onward
transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and
foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
20% of the total amount, 75% will be for me, while 5%
will be for expenses both parties might have incurred
during the process of transferring.

Awaiting your urgent reply through my private mail box
(johnchukwu1@maktoob.com) and please do not FORGET TO
INCLUDE YOUR PRIVATE FAX AND TELEPHONE NUMBERS FOR EASY COMMUNICATION.

Thank you and God bless.

Yours truly,

MrJohn Chukwu









</p>

</body></html>