<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM THE DEK OF DR BATURE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR BELLO BATURE&quot; &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR BELLO BATURE &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-09-20T14:51:24Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM THE DEK OF DR BATURE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030920064450.5556CCDBE@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR BELLO BATURE&quot; &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR BELLO BATURE &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR BELLO BATURE&quot; &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR BELLO BATURE &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-09-20T14:51:24Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-09-20T14:51:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 20 10:33:54 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20030920064450.5556CCDBE@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR BELLO BATURE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR BELLO BATURE&quot; &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR BELLO BATURE &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-424" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR BELLO BATURE &lt;dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030920064450.5556CCDBE@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>FROM THE DEK OF DR BATURE</title>
</head>
<body><p>MINISTRRY OF MINES&amp;POWER
3,MITAMAZ DRIVE
ABUJA,NIGERIA.
FROM THE DESK OF:DR BELLO BATURE.

ATTN:
I write to enquire of your personal or company profile and investment procedures, I am Dr Bello Bature and I work for the Ministry of Mines &amp;Power in Nigeria, and by this letter, I am
representing and also acting on behalf of my two senior colleagues (The
Director General and the group General Manager) who have mandated that I
got in contact a trusted and reliable foreign based businessman/woman
concerning the business matter of mutual benefit toall.By thismandate
given to me,we are in dire need of foreign partners to
assist us in the transfer Investment of US$24,000,000.00(twenty four
million united statesdollars). The key issue is the transfer and the
subsequent Investment of the said sum. We are ready to go into anagreement
with you and also offer you a negotiable fee for puttingtogether an
Investmentportfolio. It does not matter whether or not you
own a company or you have invested fundsbefore. We shall guide you on what
to do. The basis will be that a major company won a contract
andsubcontracted it toyou. More often, big trading companies and firm of
unrelated field won contracts and subcontracts to more specialized firms
for execution.We shall follows strictly all the legal procedures entailed
the laws of our land and international laws in transferring the fund to
you. The sources of the fund are legitimate and authoritative. Please be
informed that Nigerian Government Monitory Policy, strategic positioned
Government officials are not allowed to operate or own bank account
overseas, hence,we are in need for a foreign partner to front for us.We
pray that you take the essence of this letter in strict confidence, as the
two offices involved would not like to be exposed on this. Kindly
firstnotify me onyou wiliness to assist us through this email address
Details will be made available to you  as soon as you respond.You are to
contact me only on this email address specifically for more information
and you are to keep this business proposal very confidential for
securityreason.Thank you and God bless as we wait for your urgent response.

Yours faithfully,
Dr.Bello Bature.
TEL:23433704238.
EMAIL:dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com






</p>

</body></html>