<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[81.23.193.84]" />
<meta name="subject" content="REQUEST...." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Maryam Abacha" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="maryaabacha8 maryam  &lt;mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-09-20T05:22:11Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1252&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="=_NextPart_Lycos_0023161064031731_ID" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1064031731002316@lycos-europe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REQUEST...." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1064031731002316@lycos-europe.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Maryam Abacha" />
<meta name="creator" content="maryaabacha8 maryam  &lt;mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Maryam Abacha" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="maryaabacha8 maryam  &lt;mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-09-20T05:22:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;windows-1252&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-09-20T05:22:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="LycosMail " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Sep 20 10:31:58 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="maryaabacha8 maryam" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Maryam Abacha" />
<meta name="Author" content="maryaabacha8 maryam  &lt;mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[81.23.193.84]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="LycosMail " />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-425" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="maryaabacha8 maryam  &lt;mmaryaabacha8@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1064031731002316@lycos-europe.com&gt;" />
<title>REQUEST....</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>From: Mrs Maryam Abacha
Abacha Housing Estate
Gidado Road,
Kano-Nigeria
(N/B) ***This message to you contains strictly confidential information
which should be handled confidentially.As soon as you show intrest you
can help all necessary documents shall be forwarded to you including all
identities(My personal and family pictures)***

Asalam alekum,
I salute you in the name of most High Allah. I am Mrs. Maryam
Abacha, the widow of the late Gen. Sani Abacha former military
Head of State who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac
arrest. Since my husband's death, my family has been under
restriction of movement and that notwithstanding, we are being
molested and constantly under ?watch? by the seemingly agent, above
all, our banks account here and abroad have been frozen by the
Nigerian civilian government. Furthermore, my eldest son is in
detention by the Nigerian Government for more interrogation about
my husband's asset and some vital documents.
Following the recent discovery of my husband's bank account by
the Nigerian government with my son's bank in which a huge sum of
US$700 million and 450 million Dutch Mark was lodged and 6
billion dollars belonging to my late husband was seized by the
government of Nigeria. I therefore wish to personally appeal to
you seriously and religiously for your urgent assistance to
transfer the sum of $25.5 million United States Dollars into your
account in your country which has already been lodged in a Global
crossing Diplomatic ?security? in abroad by my Late Husband and I
have
a prove of the Certificate of Deposit with the telephone and fax
number of the ?security? company in abroad, the name of the head of
operation including the telephone and fax number of the agency
whom help in packaging the consignment. since we can not leave
the country due to the restriction of movement imposed on the
members of my family by the Nigerian Government and my
International pass
port impounded at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport,
Lagos in August 1998 and presently the consignment is incurring
more demurrage and if the government discovered they might seize
the fund (consignment) that was the reason I was advise by our
Family lawyer for the safety of the fund, to look for an honest
and reliable foreigner who is willing to be of assistant to
enable the fund to be transfer to his account while you are
entitled to 25% of the fund while 5% is for any expenses which
might include your phone calls , stationary which must be
deducted before sharing.
Also, if you accept this proposal, I shall give you the telephone
and fax number of the ?security? company in abroad where the
consignment
is lodge including agency for verification and you shall as well
forward your data including your telephone and fax number to our
Family Lawyer who shall help in the legal documentation to make
you the legal owner of the fund by a prove of an affidavit from
the Federal High Court for a change of fund ownership by me which
my lawyer shall forward with an application to the Court to
enable the court to issue an legal clearance certificate as a
prove that the fund is no longer belong to ABACHA FAMILY but you
as the new beneficiary which will now empowered the Security
company to release the consignment (fund) to you.
Please I will appreciate your quick response weather you accept
this proposal or not to enable me to know the next step of action
and please you can as well use your name or your company name as
the beneficiary of the fund (consignment )
Yours Sincerely
Mrs Maryam Abacha
[***Striclty confidential***]

Pour gagner une Playstation 2, envoyez un SMS avec le code PS au 61321 (0,35 euro hors coût du SMS).

</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>