<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="partnership" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="=?us-ascii?Q?jide=20williams?= &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt; on line, South African. During the current crises against the farmers =" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jide williams &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-09-24T14:43:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jide.williams@seznam.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jidewilliams000@arabia.com owned farms in our country, he ordered all the white farmers to surren=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jidewilliams000@arabia.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jidewilliams000@arabia.com owned farms in our country, he ordered all the white farmers to surren=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="=?us-ascii?Q?jide=20williams?= &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="partnership" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="=?us-ascii?Q?jide=20williams?= &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;9645.7869-29565-480572800-1064414638@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="=?us-ascii?Q?jide=20williams?= &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt; on line, South African. During the current crises against the farmers =" />
<meta name="creator" content="jide williams &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="=?us-ascii?Q?jide=20williams?= &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt; on line, South African. During the current crises against the farmers =" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jide williams &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-09-24T14:43:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-09-24T14:43:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;	for jide.williams@seznam.cz;	Wed, 24 Oct 2003 16:42:22 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-ance=3d60089%26url=3dhttp" content="//www.oskarmobil.cz/services/whatsnew.php" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Sep 24 10:44:06 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt; for jide.williams@seznam.cz; Wed, 24 Oct 2003 16:42:22 +0200 (CEST) charset=&quot;iso-8859-2&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;9645.7869-29565-480572800-1064414638@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jide williams" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="=?us-ascii?Q?jide=20williams?= &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt; on line, South African. During the current crises against the farmers =" />
<meta name="Author" content="jide williams &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-429" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jide williams &lt;jide.williams@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;9645.7869-29565-480572800-1064414638@seznam.cz&gt;" />
<title>partnership</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR. JIDE WILLIAMS

JOHANNESBURG,
SOUTH

AFRICA.

EMAIL,jidewilliams000@arabia.com





REQUEST FOR
URGENT

ASSISTANCE/INVESTMENT.

Dear Sir/Madam ,

My names is MR. JIDE WILLIAMS,
the elder son of Mr. ANTHONY WILLIAMS, of Zimbabwe. It might be a
surprise to you where I got your contact address, I got it from network on line, South African. During the current crises against the farmers of Zimbabwe
by the supporters of our President Robert Mugabe to claim all the white owned farms in our country, he ordered all the white farmers to surrender their farms
to his party members and their followers.

My father was one of the best
farmers in the country and knowing that he did not support the presidential
political ideology, the presidential supporters invaded

my fathers farm
burnt down everything, shot him and as a result of the wounds

sustained, he
became sick and died after two days. And after his death, I with

my
younger Brother decided to move out of Zimbabwe for the safety of our

lives
to South-Africa.

BUT, before he died HE WROTE HIS WILL, which reads

"(MY
BELOVEED SON ,I WISH TO DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO

THE SUM OF ($9,000,000=00).
MILLION U.S DOLLARS WHICH

I DEPOSITED IN A BOX WITH A SECURITY COMPANY IN

JOHANNESBURG (SOUTH-AFRICA). IN CASE OF MY ABSENCE

ON EARTH CAUSED BY DEATH ONLY". You should solicit for

reliable foreign partner to assist you
to transfer this money out of South Africa for

investment purpose. I deposited the money in your name and it can be

claimed by you alone with the deposit code. your mother has all the documents. Take good care of your mother and brother." From the above, you will understand that the lives and
future of my family depends on this money as much, I will be very grateful if you can assist us. I with my younger brother are now

living in South-Africa as POLITICAL ASYLUM SEEKERS and the financial law of SOUTH-AFRICA does not allow ASYLUM SEEKERS certain Financial rights to such huge amount of money .In view of this, I cannot invest this money in South-Africa, hence I am asking you to assist me transfer this money out of South-Africa for investment purposes. For your efforts, I am prepared to offer you 20% of the total

fund, while 5% will be set aside for local and international expenses and 75% will be kept for me and my family



Finally modalities on how the transfer will be done will be
conveyed to you

once we establish trust and confidence between ourselves.
Looking forward to your urgent reply .For detailed information.

NOTE:
THE KEY WORD TO THIS TRANSACTION IS ABSOLUTE CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECRECY. THIS
TRANSACTION IS 100% RISK FREE. YOUR URGENT RESPONSE WILL BE
HIGHLY

APPRECIATED.

BEST REGARDS,

Jide Williams

____________________________________________________________
Øeknìte sýr! MMS telefon SonyEricsson T610 s fo»ákem mù¾ete mít u¾ za 5577
Kè. A k tomu a¾ 120 MMS zdarma! http://ad2.seznam.cz/redir.cgi?instance=60089%26url=http://www.oskarmobil.cz/services/whatsnew.php

</p>

</body></html>