<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PRIVATE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="r_weis@mailcity.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="r_weis@mailcity.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="r_weis@mailcity.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PRIVATE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;MAIL1qaJY4kJSFsxf4y00062a40@mail1.ca_domain1.yardi.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="25 Sep 2003 06:30:08.0876 (UTC) FILETIME=[773D82C0:01C3832E]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;MAIL1qaJY4kJSFsxf4y00062a40@mail1.ca_domain1.yardi.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="creator" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;yinkadavi@mailbox.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="25 Sep 2003 06:30:08.0876 (UTC) FILETIME=[773D82C0:01C3832E]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Sep 25 02:30:16 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;yinkadavi@mailbox.hu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="Author" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-431" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="yinkadavi@mailbox.hu" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;MAIL1qaJY4kJSFsxf4y00062a40@mail1.ca_domain1.yardi.com&gt;" />
<title>PRIVATE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in
this transaction.This is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential 
and 'top secret'. 
 You have been recommended by an associate who assured me in 
confidence of your ability and reliability  to prosecute a transaction of great 
magnitude involving a pending business transaction requiring maximum 
confidence.
 We are top officials of the Federal Government  Contract Review Panel 
who are interested in importation of goods into our country with funds 
which are presently trapped in Nigeria. In order to commence this 
business we solicit your assistance to enable us transfer into your account 
the said trapped funds.      
  The source of this fund is as follows: During the
last Military Regime here in Nigeria, the Government officials set up 
companies and awarded themselves contracts which were grossly over- 
invoiced in various  ministries.
 The present government set up a Contract Review Panel and we have 
identified a lot of inflated contract funds which are presently floating in the 
Central Bank Of Nigeria ready for payment. However, by virtue of 
our position as civil servants and members of this
panel, we cannot acquire this money in our names.I have therefore, been 
delegated  by my other colleagues in the panel tolook for an overseas 
partner into whose account we would  transfer the sum of US
$21,500,000.00 [Twenty-One Million, Five Hundred thousand U.S Dollars.  
  Hence we are writing you this letter.
 We have agreed to share the money thus:
    1. 20% for the account owner( you)
    2. 70% for us [ Myself and other members of my panel ]
    3. 10% to be used in settling taxation and all
  local and foreign expenses direct or incidental to the execution of this 
transaction.
 It is from the 70% that we wish to commence the importation 
business.Please, note that this transaction is 100% safe and we hope to 
commence the transfer latest Ten (10) banking days from the date of the 
receipt 
of the following information,company's name, Address, Telephone and 
Fax number.

 The above information will enable us write letters
of claim and job description respectively. This way we will use your 
company's name to apply for payment and re-award the contract in your 
company's name.
 We are looking forward to doing this business with you and solicit your 
confidentiality in this transaction.

 Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter using the above Email 
address.
 I will bring you into the complete picture of this pending project when I 
have heard from you.
 Remember this is a Deal so treat with utmost
confidentiality.
Yours faithfully,
 
Yinka Davis</p>

</body></html>