<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONTACT ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr Nelson Abia&quot; &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Nelson Abia &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-10-02T16:24:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nelson_abia203@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nelsonabia@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONTACT ME" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nelsonabia@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200310021739.h92Hdk24028288@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr Nelson Abia&quot; &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Nelson Abia &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr Nelson Abia&quot; &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Nelson Abia &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-10-02T16:24:43Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-10-02T16:24:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Oct  2 13:40:04 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200310021739.h92Hdk24028288@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Nelson Abia" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr Nelson Abia&quot; &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Nelson Abia &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-442" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Nelson Abia &lt;nelson_abia203@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200310021739.h92Hdk24028288@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title>CONTACT ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>
No 13 VS2
Cethswayo Estate
Generation.
--------------------------------------------------------

                   
     (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}  
    {ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS)  

Hello,
  
We want to transfer to overseas (126,000.000.00 USD)
One hundred and Twenty six million United States Dollars) from a Bank in Africa, I want to ask you to quietly provide either an existing
bank account or to set up a new  Bank a/c 
immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c
can serve to receive this money, as long as you will
remain honest to me till the end for this important
business trusting in you and believing  in God that
you will never let me down either now or in future

I am Mr.Nelson Abia,the Auditor General of a bank in
Africa, during the course of our auditing  I  
discovered a floating fund  in an account opened in
the bank in 1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on
this account again, after going through some old files
in the records I discovered that the owner of the
account  died without a [heir]  hence  the money is
floating and  if I do not remit this money out
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. the owner
of this account is  Mr. Phillip Morris, a
foreigner, and a sailor, and  he died,  since 1993.
and  no other person knows about this account or any
thing concerning it, the account has no other
beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well
that Phillip Morris until his death was the manager 
Morris  Coy.(pty). SA.  

  
We will start the  first transfer with Twenty six
million [26,000.000] upon successful transaction
without any disappoint from your side, we shall
re-apply for the payment of the remaining  rest amount
to your account, 

The amount involved is (USD 126M) One hundred and
Twenty Six million United States Dollars, only I want
to first transfer $26,000.000 [Twenty Six million
United States Dollar from this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad before the rest, but I don't
know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as
a foreigner because this money can not be approved to
a local person here, without valid international
foreign passport, but can only be approved to any
foreigner with valid international passport or drivers
license and foreign a/c  because the money is in us
dollars and the former owner of the  a/c  Mr. Phillip Morris is a foreigner too, [and the money can only
be approved into a foreign a/c].

However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind us
together I got your contact address  from the Girl
who operates computer, I am revealing this to you
with believe in God that you will never let me down in
this business, you are the first and the only person
that I am contacting for this business, so please
reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step
to take urgently. Send also your private telephone and
fax number including the full details of the account
to be used for the deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and
to sign a binding agreement that will  bind us
together  before transferring the money to any account
of  your choice  where the fund will be safe. Before
we fly to your country for withdrawal, sharing and
investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine.
because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account, which I will give to you, upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you 
are  capable  and will meet up with instruction of  a
key bank official who is deeply involved with me in
this business.

I need your strong assurance that you will never,
never let me down.

With my influence and the position of the bank
official we can transfer this money to any foreigner's
reliable account which you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our physical
arrival in your country for sharing. The bank official
will destroy all documents of transaction immediately
we receive this money leaving no trace to any place
and to build confidence  you can  come immediately  to
discuss with me face to face after which I will make
this remittance in your presence and three of us will
fly to your country at least two days ahead of the
money going into the account.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately
I hear from you that you are ready to act and receive
this fund in your account. I will use my position and
influence to obtain all legal approvals for  onward
transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance from  the relevant  ministries
and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
35% of the total amount, 60% will be for me, while 5%
will be for expenses both parties might have incurred
during the process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest reply through my email


Sincerely,

Mr.Nelson Abia,























</p>

</body></html>