<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content=" FROM MISS ZAINAB UBA " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-10-03T13:42:48Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;zainabuba@katamail.com&quot; &lt;zainabuba@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="zainabuba@katamail.com &lt;zainabuba@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-wmSenderIP" content="193.220.188.202" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="zainabuba@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" FROM MISS ZAINAB UBA " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;193.220.188.202+wI5lXNTVnKfnVw7a@hal-3.inet.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;193.220.188.202+wI5lXNTVnKfnVw7a@hal-3.inet.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-10-03T13:42:48Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-10-03T13:42:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-wmsenderip" content="193.220.188.202" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;zainabuba@katamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Katamail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Oct  3 09:44:11 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;zainabuba@katamail.com&gt; BETE in Republic of COTE D´IVOIRE Africa I am 21years of age. My" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Katamail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-444" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;193.220.188.202+wI5lXNTVnKfnVw7a@hal-3.inet.it&gt;" />
<title> FROM MISS ZAINAB UBA </title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MISS ZAINAB UBA AND HER BROTHER
ABIDJAN, IVORY COAST
WEST AFRICA.


ATTN ,

It is my pleasure to write you after my seven days fasting and prayers and 
much consideration since I can not be able to see you face to face at first.

Being the first and the only Daughter of my father, late ALHAJI KALWA UBA from
 BETE in Republic of COTE D´IVOIRE Africa I am 21years of age. My 
father was limited liability cocoa and gold merchant in ABIDJAN before his 
untimely death after his business trip to SWITZERLAND, to negotiate on a 
cocoa business. A week after he came back from SWISS, he was assassinated 
with my mother by unknown assassins. 

Which my mother died, instantly, but my father died after five days in 
hospital, on that faithful afternoon. I didn´t know that my father was 
going to leave me after I had lost my mother. But
before he gave up the ghost, it was as if he knew he was going to die. He 
my father, (may his soul rest in perfect peace) he disclose to me that he 
deposited the sum of $5 million U.S dollars in a PRIVATE BANK here in 
ABIDJAN. That the money was meant for his cocoa business he wanted to 
invest in Abidjan - Côte d´Ivoire. Though, according to my father he 
deposited the money in his own name . 

He single handed me over the document and logging and verifying 
informations , and instructed me to seek for a life time investment partner 
abroad. 

Now I have succeeded in locating the BANK in here and also confirmed the 
fund is in there , most honest and confidentiality. Now I am soliciting for 
your assistance to help me lift this money out from The BANK to your 
account abroad so that we should invest it in any lucrative business in 
your country. 

I am Waiting anxiously to hear from you so that we can discuss the 
modalities of this transaction, 

Thanks for your kind attention and mutual
understanding.

Best regards

ZAINAB. 


</p>

</body></html>