<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT HELP PLEASE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MRS.MARYAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS.MARYAM ABACHA &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="firstlady234@post.cz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-10-08T22:51:16Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="maryamfirstlady@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="maryamfirstlady@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR URGENT HELP PLEASE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200310082250.h98Mo2LZ024544@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MRS.MARYAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS.MARYAM ABACHA &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MRS.MARYAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS.MARYAM ABACHA &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-10-08T22:51:16Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-10-08T22:51:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Oct  8 18:50:46 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200310082250.h98Mo2LZ024544@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS.MARYAM ABACHA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MRS.MARYAM ABACHA&quot; &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS.MARYAM ABACHA &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-458" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS.MARYAM ABACHA &lt;firstlady234@post.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200310082250.h98Mo2LZ024544@cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>I NEED YOUR URGENT HELP PLEASE</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTENTION:
Dear Sir,
I am Dr (Mrs)Maryam Abacha, wife to the late Nigeria
Head of state, General Sani Abacha who died on the 8th
of june 1998 while still on active duty . I am
contacting you in view of the fact we will be of great assistance to each
other, likewise developing acordial business relationship. I currently have
within my reach the sum of Thirty Million United States Dollars
($30,000,000.00) cash, which I intend to use for investment purposes
specifically in your country.
This money came as a result of a pay-back
contract deal between my late husband and a Russian firm in our country's
Multi-billion dollar Ajaokuta Steel plant. The Russian firm in our country's
Multi-billion dollar Ajaokuta Steel Plant. The Russian partners returned my
Husband's share of US$30,000,000.00 U.S.D after his death, and lodged it in
my late husband's Security Company of which I am a Director Right now, the
new Civilian Government has intensified their probe on my late husband's
financial resources and have frozen our accounts. In view of these facts, I
acted fast to withdraw the US$30,000,000.00 U.S.D from the company's vault
and deposited it in a privately owned security safe in . I have
since declared the security company bankrupt.

No record whatsoever exists concerning the money traceable by the Government because, there is no
documentation showing that we received the money from the Russians. Due to
the current situation in the country concerning the Government's attitude
towards my family, it has become quite impossible for me to make use of this
money within; thus upon your consent, I shall expect you to contact me
urgently to enable us discuss indetail about this transaction. Bearing in
mind that your assistance is needed to transfer this fund, I propose a
commission of 20% (Twenty percent) of the total sum to you for the expected
services and assistance. Your urgent response is highly needed so as to stop
further contact.

All correspondence must be by
e-mail. I must use this opportunity to implore you to exercise the utmost
indulgence to keep this matter extraordinary confidential, whatever your
decision, while I await your prompt response.

Please visit this website :
http://allafrica.com/stories/200203180074.html.
Best Regards,
MRS MARYAM ABACHA
PLEASE SEND YOUR PHONE AND FAX FOR ORAL DISCUSSION.





</p>

</body></html>