<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-10-12T03:02:49Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;3375110.1065927769593.JavaMail.www@wwinf4005&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT REPLY" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;3375110.1065927769593.JavaMail.www@wwinf4005&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-10-12T03:02:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-10-12T03:02:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Oct 11 23:03:30 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="selina_gabrielmarinze" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-465" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="selina_gabrielmarinze &lt;selina_gabrielmarinze@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;3375110.1065927769593.JavaMail.www@wwinf4005&gt;" />
<title>URGENT REPLY</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear sir/ma, 

Greetings to you in the name of our Lord. 
Please permit us to use this medium to thank you once more for given us this
avenue to explain our problem to you. But firstly, We will like to tell you who we 
are so that you will understand and comprehend our point clearly. 
Our name is Selina&amp;Gabriel Marinze and We are here in Benin Republic but We are  from GHANA in West Africa but we are 
here in Benin Republic We entered as a result of the Death of our Parent in our country. And here in Benin We entered as a 
refugee . But We are still a student . Am Selina is 24years and gabriel is 22 years , am studying medicine before the out break 
of the death our parent. 
Please we need your assistance  because our living here is not ok after our father 
and mother has leaving us alone in this world. 
But before the death of our father who is a GOLD MERCHANT S.A in Ghana, he has used our name to deposit some fund of 
$35.5 MILLION UNITED STATE DOLLARS in a finance house and he used our name as the beneficiary
of the fund but we are not in access to the fund because,Our father as stated with the finance House that upon our present an 
investors to manage the fund for us  they should release the fund for us. 
Please what we need from you is to assist us in transfer the fund to your personal 
account for investment purpose and immediately we hear from you we will summit your particulars to the finance house to 
effect the transfer to your name as the new 
beneficiary and the investors to invest the funds for us, so you can now instruct the 
bank for further transfer of the fund to your account over there so that we can now 
come over there for the continuation of our education while you help us to
manage the fund.
And Moreover we agreed  to give you 30% of the total funds for your kindly assistance 
and the remain 70% for invest into any reliable business over there you suggest that is 
profitable. 

please if you are ready to assist us, Kindly forward the following so that we can 
forward it to the bank for open of account with them for you so that they can transfer 
the fund through telegraphic wire transfer to your nominated account in your country.

We NEED YOUR FULL NAME, 
YOUR ADDRESS 
AND TELEPHONE NUMBER AND FAX. 
THIS WILL ENABLE US TO PROCEED FOR THE OPEN OF ACCOUNT IN YOUR FAVOUR AS THE NEW 
BENEFICARY OF THE FUND. 
LORD BE WITH YOU ALL 
Regard 
Selina&amp;Gabriel Marinze

------------------------------------------

Faites un voeu et puis Voila ! www.voila.fr 



</p>

</body></html>