<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP &amp; RELATIONSHIP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="project101@123.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="project101@123.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="project101@123.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="project101@123.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="yusuffkadoso101@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP &amp; RELATIONSHIP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="yusuffkadoso101@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;1d0fe691d11a09.1d11a091d0fe69@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP/PARTNERSHIP." />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1d0fe691d11a09.1d11a091d0fe69@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-source" content="During the last military regimes here in Nigeria,government officials set" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;project101@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HMN0022DS3EK7@ismtp7.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for R@M; Sun, 12 Oct 2003 16:14:17 -0300 (CLST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Oct 12 15:14:24 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;project101@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HMN0022DS3EK7@ismtp7.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for R@M; Sun, 12 Oct 2003 16:14:17 -0300 (CLST) adequately compensated with 25% of the entire sum, hence we are writing you this mail." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="y a" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-466" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="y a &lt;project101@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1d0fe691d11a09.1d11a091d0fe69@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP &amp; RELATIONSHIP</title>
</head>
<body><p>STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

DR.YUSUFF KADOSO (PhD).

DEAR SIR, 

RE:URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP/PARTNERSHIP.

First I must solicit your utmost confidentiality in this transaction. 
I am making this contact with you based on reliable information available
to us courtesy of our local chamber of Commerce and Industry, thus we are
convinced that you would be capable of providing us with a solution to a money 
transfer transaction of US$36,400,000.00 (Thirty-Six Million, Four Hundred Thousand 
United States Dollars ).

Source:During the last military regimes here in Nigeria,government officials set
up companies and awarded themselves contracts that were to be paid from the Petroleum 
Trust Fund (PTF) set up by the military regime for the purpose of financing special 
projects and these were grossly over-invoiced.The present civilian government have 
constituted an Interim Management Committe (IMC) with the mandate to investigate all 
contracts awarded as well as carry out debt verification of all claims that have not yet
been paid with a view of settling all legitimate debts owed by the Federal Government 
of Nigeria to both local and foreign contractors before the government wind up the Trust 
Fund.

We as members of this committee have identified a lot of inflated contract funds which are 
presently floating in the Central Bank of Nigeria. In the meantime, the government has 
already made a budget allocation for the payment of these contracts, but by virtue of our 
Position as civil servants and members of this panel, we cannot acquire this fund in our 
names. I was delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues to look for an overseas partner 
into whose account we would transfer the funds totaling (USD36,400,000.00) and you will be
 adequately compensated with 25% of the entire sum, hence we are writing you this mail.

The present Civilian Government is determined to pay foreign contractors all debt owed so 
as to maintain an amiable relationship with both the Foreign Governments and Non Government
Financial Agencies and to attract foreign investment into our economy. We have decided to 
include our bills for approval with the co-operation of some officials of the Federal Ministry 
of Finance (F.M.F) and the Central Bank of Nigeria (C.B.N.).

We seek your assistance in providing us the a good company account or personal account into
which we can remit this money, you will be acting as an ORIGINAL CONTRACTOR in this deal, 
the fund will be paid to you.

This we can do by SWAPPING of account information and changing of beneficiary information to
apply for payment. We prepare letters of claims and job description on your behalf, on 
receiption of the following information (your banker's name and address, account number,
your telephone and fax numbers) It is our intention therefore, while having your 
understanding and co-operation to invest 70% of this funds in the importation of 
agricultural and oil prospecting equipment to sub-western region of Africa.
While the balance 5% will cater for all local and foreign expenses incurred in facilitating 
the transfer of this funds. Please contact me immediately you receive this mail by contacting me on
my confidential email address (yusuffkadoso101@yahoo.com) thus signifying your capability and willingness to assist us. 


We are building our trust on sincerity of purpose, mutual understanding and recommendation.

The business itself is 100% safe and fail proof, provided you treat it with utmost 
secrecy and confidentiality and you follow my instructions carefully and religiously.
Your line of specialization does not matter as it cannot hinder the successful execution 
of this transaction. 

Again we look forward to doing business with you and solicit your utmost confidentiality in 
this transaction.

Thank you for your co-operation.

Yours faithfully,

DR. YUSUFF KADOSO.

N.B. The telecommunication system in my country is very poor, please do not be discouraged 
if you have difficulty in contacting me, your efforts will be much appreciated.
PLEASE,DO QUOTE REFERENCE NUMBER (YK/01) IN YOUR RESPONSE.) 


____________________________________________________________
Charle con sus amigos online usando CHAT 123 http://www.123.com/sp/chat/section.php?id_section=329


</p>

</body></html>