<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="MRS. SUSAN (REPLY)." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrs_susan2@123.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrs_susan2@123.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrs_susan2@123.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mrs_susan2@123.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mrs_susan00@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MRS. SUSAN (REPLY)." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mrs_susan00@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;1d8ae551d873bb.1d873bb1d8ae55@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1d8ae551d873bb.1d873bb1d8ae55@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-website" content="www.gov.za/profiles/shabangu.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HMO00HFFX5KWZ@ismtp7.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for R@S; Mon, 13 Oct 2003 07:01:13 -0300 (CLST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 13 06:01:18 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HMO00HFFX5KWZ@ismtp7.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for R@S; Mon, 13 Oct 2003 07:01:13 -0300 (CLST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS SUSAN" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-469" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS SUSAN &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1d8ae551d873bb.1d873bb1d8ae55@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<title>MRS. SUSAN (REPLY).</title>
</head>
<body><p>MRS. SUSAN SHABANGU
Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy
South Africa.
Website:www.gov.za/profiles/shabangu.htm

Dear Sir,

After due deliberation with my children, I decided to contact you for your assistance in standing as a beneficiary to the sum of US$15.5M ( Fifteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only) First, let me start by introducing myself, I am MRS SUSAN SHABANGU, a mother of three children and the Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy since 1st April 1996 to date under the President of South Africa MR THABO MBEKI. You can view my profile at my website www.gov.za/profiles/shabangu.htm

After the swearing in ceremony making me the Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy, my husband Mr Ndelebe Shabangu died while he was on an official trip to Trinidad and Tobago in 2002. After his death, I discovered that he had some funds in a dollar account which mounted to the sum of US$15.5M with SYNTHEX TRUST SECURITY AND PRIVATE COMPANY.

This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced contract which he executed with the Government of South Africa. Though I assisted him in getting this contract but I never knew that it was over-invoiced by him. I am afraid that the government of South Africa might start to investigate on contracts awarded from 1998 to date. If they discover this money in his bank account, they will confiscate it and seize his assets here in South Africa and this will definetely affect my political career in government. I want your assistance in clearing this money from SYNTHEX TRUST SECURITY AND PRIVATE COMPANY.

As soon as the fund is cleared, you are expected to move it immediately into another personal bank account in your country. I will see to it that the account is not traced from South Africa. As soon as you have  confirmed the fund into your account, I will send my eldest son with my Attorney to come to your country to discuss on business investments.

For your assistance, I am offering you 4 Million (Four million United States Dollars Only) However, you have to assure me and also be ready to go into agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund. If you agree to my terms, kindly as a matter of urgency send me an email. Due to my sensitive position in the South African Government, I would not WANT you to call me on phone or send a fax to me.

All correspondence must be by email to my private email. If you want to speak with my Attorney, that is fine and okay by me. His chambers will be representing my interest with you.All correspondence must be made either to my Attorney Barrister James Ndlovu of kuramo lodge chambers on &lt;jnchambers@justice.com&gt; or send me an email to my private email box on mrs_susan00@yahoo.com or &lt;mrs_susan2@123.com&gt;.
 
I will also like you to give me your contact address of telephone, fax and email to enable my Attorney call or reach you from time to time. Please I do not need to remind you of the need for absolute Confidentiality if this transaction must succeed. YOU MUST NOT CALL ME! If you do not feel comfortable with this transaction,do not hesitate todiscontinue.

Thanks for your anticipated co-operation and my regards to your family.

Yours faithfully

MRS. SUSAN SHABANGU

____________________________________________________________
Charle con sus amigos online usando CHAT 123 http://www.123.com/sp/chat/section.php?id_section=329


</p>

</body></html>