<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="NEXT OF KIN /PATNERSHIP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kendikko01@123.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kendikko01@123.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kendikko01@123.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="kendikko01@123.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kendikko01@alloftexas.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="NEXT OF KIN /PATNERSHIP" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kendikko01@alloftexas.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;1e55b9e1e55ac2.1e55ac21e55b9e@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1e55b9e1e55ac2.1e55ac21e55b9e@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="kendikko01@123.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HMQ00DA09KSGP@ismtp5.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for R@M; Tue, 14 Oct 2003 00:27:02 -0300 (CLST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 13 23:27:16 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HMQ00DA09KSGP@ismtp5.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for R@M; Tue, 14 Oct 2003 00:27:02 -0300 (CLST) REF:rf/ntl-fgn" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ken dikko" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-472" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ken dikko &lt;kendikko01@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1e55b9e1e55ac2.1e55ac21e55b9e@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<title>NEXT OF KIN /PATNERSHIP</title>
</head>
<body><p>NIGERIAN TELECOMMUNICATION LIMITED.
FEDERAL SECRETARIAT COMPLEX,
GARKI, ZONE II
ABUJA.
E-MAIL: kendikko01@123.com
DATE:13th Oct. 2003                             



                                 REF:rf/ntl-fgn

Dear Friend,

Please do not be disturbed about this mail as I am
contacting you for the first time through this medium, 
while nursing no doubts that you will be of great 
assistance to this business proposal  I am about 
disclosing to you for our both mutual benefit.


I am Dr. Ken Dikko, the Project Director of
Nitel at the above address.

Following my intentions of owning an offshore
investment, I was urged to  contact a foreigner 
to assist in facilitating the  immediate release 
of $14Million United States Dollars into his/her bank
account to jointly execute my motive of securing 
an offshore  investment. This was because Nigeria's 
civil service code of conduct does  not allow a civil 
servant to own an offshore account or investment
outside the shores of Nigeria.

Sequel to this, I was able to contact a foreigner (Mr.
Jim Walsh) an American based in Nigeria to assist 
with the transfer.  He agreed and we  proceeded 
in procuring all documents necessary to  facilitate the 
immediate release of the funds into his custody using
him as a Project Consultant to the Nigerian 
Telecommunication.

The money was as a result of an over-invoiced contract
on contract  number "ntl-fgn01/ped-98" for the 
procurement, supply  and installation of 
Telecommunication equipment to Nitel regional offices
up to the tune of $52Million United States Dollars. 
It was awarded to a  Swiss Contractor who executed 
the contract and was fully paid i.e $38Million United 
States Dollars leaving aside $14Million United States
Dollars.

Final payment approval was granted on behalf of Mr.
Jim Walsh by the Federal Ministry of Finance (FMF) 
to the paying bank while waiting for the payment 
application from him to the bank but he
suddenly died of Cardiac Arrest leaving no 
Next of kin/beneficiary to the funds.

It is as a result of this, that I am contacting 
you to  please stand as the next of kin to Mr. 
Jim Walsh and new beneficiary  to the funds to 
enable the funds to be transfered into your custody.
All documents to back up your claim will be giving 
to you adequately  while a Memorandum of 
Understanding (MOU) will be reached between us to safe
guard our both interest in line of this transaction.

I am willing to compensate you with 25% of the total
funds while the rest 75% will be for me for the 
investments in your country as well as assuring 
you that this transaction is 100% risk free
and legal.

If this proposal is okay to you, please kindly get
back to me to enable  me demand certain informations 
and briefing for the commencement of this transaction.

Please always quote the reference number above in all
correspondences to me while confidentiality should be 
our watch word.

I await your urgent response.

Sincere regards,

Dr. Ken Dikko.

Project Director,
Nitel.

____________________________________________________________
Charle con sus amigos online usando CHAT 123 http://www.123.com/sp/chat/section.php?id_section=329


</p>

</body></html>