<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From:  Davies" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-10-19T17:22:09Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From:  Davies" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200310191737.h9JHbLJJ002833@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt; I am the chairman of the Economic Recovery Committe" />
<meta name="creator" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-10-19T17:22:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-10-19T17:22:09Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;abayomidavies@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Oct 19 13:37:22 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;abayomidavies@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200310191737.h9JHbLJJ002833@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-485" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="abayomidavies@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200310191737.h9JHbLJJ002833@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt; I am the chairman of the Economic Recovery Committe" />
<title>From:  Davies</title>
</head>
<body><p>ECONOMIC RECOVERY COMMITTEE,
FEDERAL SECRETARIAT, 
LAGOS-NIGERIA.

						
Dear Sir,

BUSINESS PROPOSAL: TRANSFER OF US$19.2 M (NINETEEN
MILLION, TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS)
&amp; BUSINESS INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP.

First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in
this transaction, this is by  virtue of it's nature as
being utterly confidential and top secret as you were
introduced to us in confidence through the Nigerian
Chamber of Commerce, foreign trade division. and if
the contents of this mail does meet with your
approval, i humbly crave your indulgence.

 I am the chairman of the Economic Recovery Committe
(ERC) set up by the present civilian Government of
Nigeria to review economic policies of government
parastatals, and find out ways to reduce waste and
maximise revenues allocated to them.

In the course of our work at the ERC, we discovered
this fund which resulted from gross re-valuation of
contracts  by top government officials of the federal
ministry of Aviation (FMA). The company that
executed the contracts have been duly paid and the
contracts commissioned leaving the sum of US$19.2
Million lying unclaimed in the escrow account of the
Central Bank of Nigeria.

Upon interogation of the directors of engineering and
finance, who both happens to be my contemporaries in
the university, they confessed to me in confidence
that they had an agreement with the original
contractor to re-value the original contract by 30%.


This 30% which amounts to USD19.2m was to be their share from the contract, since the original contractor was well disposed towards giving them the conventional 10% kickback. When I now asked them what they intended to do now that my committee has discovered this USD19.2M. They begged me not to disclose this information to the government as they will likely lose their jobs and their family names destroyed. 

I was at at a crossroad, as I did not want my friends to suffer for what other top government officials do and get away with. I discussed with the other two members of my committee and we all unanimously agreed to transfer this fund out and share amongst ourselves.

I have therefore been mandated as a matter of trust by
my colleagues in the committee to look for an overseas
partner to whom we could transfer the sum of US$19.2M
legally sub-contracting the entitlement to you/your
company. 

This is bearing in mind that our  civil service code of conduct forbids us from owning foreign company or running  foreign account while in government service hence the need for a foreign partner.

Should this transaction interest you, you are to
contact me on my personal e-mail address, so that I
can brief you fully, and discuss your renumeration for
this undertaking.
 
All logistics are in place and all modalities worked
out for the smooth conclusion of the transaction 
within ten to fourteen days of commencement after
receipt of the following information:  Your  full
name/ company name, address, company's details &amp;
activities, telephone &amp; fax numbers.

These information will enable us make the applications
and lodge claims to the concerned ministries &amp;
agencies in favour of your company and it is pertinent
to state here that this transaction is entirely  based
on trust as the solar bank draft or certified cheque
drawable in any of the Central Bank of Nigeria
correspondent bankers in America, Asia and Europe is
going to be made out in your name.


Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter  using my personal E-mail address.

Yours Faithfully 

Abayomi Davies.

</p>

</body></html>