<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="RESPOND  URGENTLY PLS. - REF:rf/ntl-fgn" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sussy_shab@123.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mallam_65@weedmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mallam_65@weedmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mallam_65@weedmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="RESPOND  URGENTLY PLS. - REF:rf/ntl-fgn" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;8ae13d8b3855.8b38558ae13d@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;8ae13d8b3855.8b38558ae13d@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;	by unforgiven.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id h9L3Kli20716; Mon, 20 Oct 2003 23:20:47 -0400 (EDT) with ESMTP id &lt;0HN300BEY7XOTL@ismtp4.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt;; Tue, 21 Oct 2003 00:20:33 -0300 (CLST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 20 23:20:55 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt; by unforgiven.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id h9L3Kli20716; Mon, 20 Oct 2003 23:20:47 -0400 (EDT) with ESMTP id &lt;0HN300BEY7XOTL@ismtp4.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt;; Tue, 21 Oct 2003 00:20:33 -0300 (CLST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="susan shabangu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-495" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="susan shabangu &lt;sussy_shab@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;8ae13d8b3855.8b38558ae13d@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<title>RESPOND  URGENTLY PLS. - REF:rf/ntl-fgn</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR SIR/MA,

REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE

After due deliberation with my children, I decided to contact you for your assistance in standing as a beneficiary to the sum of US30.5M Thirty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only)

First, let me start by introducing myself as MRS SUSAN SHABANGU, a mother of three children and the Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy since 1st April 1996 to date under the auspices of the President of South Africa MR THABO MBEKI. You can view my profile at my website: www.gov.za/profiles/shabangu.htm

THE PROPOSAL

After the swearing in ceremony making me the Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy, my husband Mr Ndelebe Shabangu died while he was on an official trip to Trinidad and Tobago in 1996.After his death, I discovered that he had some funds in a dollar account which amounted to the sum of US$30.5M with a South African bank which had her offshore House in the CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA

This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced contract which he executed with the Government of South Africa. Though I assisted him in getting this contract but I never knew that it was over-invoiced by him. I am afraid that the government of South Africa might start to investigate on contracts awarded from 1990 to date.If they discover this money in his bank account, they will confiscate it and seize his assets here in South Africa and this will definetely affect my political career in Government.

I want your assistance in opening an account with CENTRAL BANK through my Attorney so that this fund could be wired into your account directly without any hitch. As soon as the fund gets to your account, you are expected to move it immediately into another personal bank account in your country. I will see to it that the account is not traced from South Africa. As soon as you have confirmed the fund into your account, I will send my eldest son with my Attorney to come to your country to discuss on business investments.

SHARING PERCENTAGE

For your assistance, I am offering you 20% of the principal sum which amounts to US$6,100.000.00 (Six million One Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only) However, you have to assure me and also be ready to go into agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund.

If you agree to my terms, kindly as a matter of urgency send me an email. Due to my sensitive position in the South African Government, I would not WANT you to call me on phone or send a fax to me. All correspondence must be by above mail address.

If you want to speak with my Attorney, that is fine and okay by me. His chambers will be representing my interest at the CENTRAL BANK. All correspondence must be made either to my Attorney Barrister Richard Lithuli, of Lithuli and associates,or send me an email. I will also like you to give me your contact address,telephone and fax to enable my Attorney call or reach you from time to time. 

Please I do not need to remind you of the need for absolute Confidentiality if this transaction must succeed. YOU MUST NOT CALL ME! If you do not feel comfortable with this transaction, do not hesitate to discontinue.

Thanks for your anticipated co-operation and my regards to your family.

Yours faithfully,

MRS. SUSAN SHABANGU Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy South Africa.






____________________________________________________________
Charle con sus amigos online usando CHAT 123 http://www.123.com/sp/chat/section.php?id_section=329


</p>

</body></html>