<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="DONATION FOR THE LORD." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Serena Jones" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Serena Jones &lt;serenajones1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="serenajones1@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-10-22T23:37:03Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="serenajones1@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="cc02f55d-a4cf-490f-9987-d4fc5f0ccb87" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="serenajones1@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="DONATION FOR THE LORD." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200310222337.h9MNUUFC031251@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Serena Jones" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Serena Jones &lt;serenajones1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Serena Jones" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Serena Jones &lt;serenajones1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-10-22T23:37:03Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-10-22T23:37:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;serenajones1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Oct 22 19:37:12 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;serenajones1@rediffmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200310222337.h9MNUUFC031251@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs Serena Jones" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Serena Jones" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Serena Jones &lt;serenajones1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-502" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs Serena Jones &lt;serenajones1@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200310222337.h9MNUUFC031251@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>DONATION FOR THE LORD.</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>From: Mrs Serena Jones

PLEASE ENDEAVOUR TO USED IT FOR THE CHILDREN OF GOD.
I am the above named person from Kuwait. I am married
to Dr. Harry Jones who worked with Kuwait embassy in Ivory Co
ast for nine years before he died in the year
2000.
We were married for eleven years without a child. He died a
fter a brief illness that lasted for only
four days. Before his death we were both born again Christia
ns.Since his death I decided not to re-
marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bi
ble is against.When my late husband was alive he deposited the
sum of$8.6Million (Eight Million six hundred thousand U.S. D
ollars) with one finance/security company in Amsterderm Hollan
d. Presently, this money is still with the Security Company.
Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next
three
months due to cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most i
s my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to
donate this fund to church or better still a christian individ
ual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruc
t here in. I want a church that will use this fund to fund chu
rches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of God and t
o ensure that the house of God is maintained. The Bible made
us to understand that Blessed is the hand that giveth.
I took this decision because I don?t have any child that wil
l inherit this money and my husband relatives are not Christi
ans and I don?t want my husband?s hard earned money to be misu
sed by unbelievers. I don?t want a situation where this money
will be used in an ungodly manner. Hence the reason for taking
this bold decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know whe
re I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of th
e Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case
and I shall hold my peace. I don?t need any telephone communi
cation in this regard because of my health because of the pres
ence of my husband?s relatives around me always. I don?t want
them to know about this development. With God all things are p
ossible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the
contact of the Finance/Security Company in Amsterderm Holland
. I will also issue you a letter of authority that will prove
you as the original-
beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the church to always
pray for me because the lord is my shephard. My
happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoe
ver that wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and
truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any d
elay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a chuch
or christian individual for this same purpose. Please assure
me that you will act accordingly as I stated herein. Hoping
to hearing from you.

N.B-
PLEASE I WILL ADVICE YOU TO GIVE THE LAWYER IN CHARGE A CALL IN HOLLAND IMMEDIATELY, HE DOES EVERYTHING ON MY BEHALF AND HE'S VERY UNDERSTANDING AND I BELIEVE HE WILL LEAD YOU TO YOUR SUCCESS IN JESUS NAME, THE LAWYER'S NAME IS GERRY SLY HIS CONTACT PHONE NUMBER IS 00-31-620-668-086.

Remain blessed in the name of the Lord.
Yours in Christ,
Mrs Serena Jones

</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>