<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="KINDEST ATTENTION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="PETER WILLIAMS &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-12-17T19:58:30Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@M&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="panmentat@rediffmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="KINDEST ATTENTION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200212171958.gBHJw9919373@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="PETER WILLIAMS &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="PETER WILLIAMS &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-12-17T19:58:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-12-17T19:58:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Dec 17 14:58:26 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt; panmentat@phantomemail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200212171958.gBHJw9919373@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="PETER WILLIAMS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;PETER WILLIAMS&quot; &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="PETER WILLIAMS &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-51" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="PETER WILLIAMS &lt;cooooofoooooooo@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200212171958.gBHJw9919373@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>KINDEST ATTENTION</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR &amp; MRS PETER WILLIAMS
EMAIL: panmentat@rediffmail.com
            panmentat@phantomemail.com
            
KINDEST ATTENTION,

PLEASE PERMIT ME TO MAKE YOUR ACQUAINTANCE IN SO INFORMAL A MANNER.
THIS IS NECESSITATED BY MY URGENT NEED TO REACH A DEPENDABLE AND
TRUSTWORTHY FOREIGN PARTNER. THIS REQUEST MAY SEEM STRANGE AND
UNSOLICITED BUT I CRAVE YOUR INDULGENCE AND PRAY THAT YOU TAKE MY
REQUEST VERY SERIOUS.

I AM MR PETER WILLIAMS, A REKNOWNED BUSINESSMAN IN ONE OF THE
REBEL-HELD TOWNS, BOUAKE (ONE OF THE WAR ZONES IN IVORY COAST)
I RECEIVED INFORMATION FROM A RELIABLE SOURCE WHO DESCRIBED YOUR
COUNTRY AS BEING ECONOMICALLY CONDUCIVE FOR INVESTMENT
AND HER PEOPLE AS TRANSPARENT AND TRUSTWORTHY TO ENGAGING BUSINESS
WHICH MADE ME TO WRITE YOU. AS YOU MAY WANT TO KNOW
AND TO MAKE YOU LESS CURIOUS,I GOT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS FROM AN
INTERNET SITE THAT PORTRAYED YOU (YOUR ESTABLISHMENT) IN GOOD
LIGHT.

ON THE 17TH OF SEPTEMBER 2002. THE REBEL LEADERS, UNTIL THEN WERE
LOYAL SOLDIERS TO THE GOVERNMENT OF PRESIDENT LAURENT GBAGBO 
CONTACTED ME IN MY OFFICE WITH THE BUSINESS OF IMPORTATION OF
ARMOURIES. WITHOUT THE PREMONITION OF WAR, I ACCEPTED THE JOB. THE
SOLDIERS PAID ME THE SUM OF TWENTY MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND
UNITED STATES DOLLARS (US$ 20.5) ON THE SPOT AND TOLD ME TO EXPEDITE
ACTION. SINCE I AM NOT INTO IMPORTATION OF ARMUNITIONS AND BECAUSE OF
THE URGENCY, I IMMEDIATELY STARTED MAKING SEVERAL CONTACTS WITH
BUSINESSMEN ACROSS THE GLOBE.

TWO DAYS LATER, HEAVY FIGHTING BROKE UP IN CENTRAL BAOUKE AND
KORHOGO, EVERYWHERE WAS IN DISSARRAY AND I LOST EVERYTHING THAT TOOK
ME SO MANY YEARS TO ACQUIRE. I HAVE NO OPTION THAN TO DO AWAY WITH
THE US$20.5M.


MY WIFE AND I QUICKLY MADE AN ARRANGEMENT WITH A RED CROSS RELIEF
WORKER WHO USED HIS OFFICIAL VAN TO MOVE THIS MONEY TO ABIDJAN,
ALTHOUGH HE DID NOT KNOW THE REAL CONTENT OF THE BOX.  PRESENTLY,
THIS FUND HAS BEEN DEPOSITED WITH A SAFE RELIABLE SECURITY COMPANY IN
ABIDJAN WHERE I AM HIDING FROM THE REBEL WHO DECLEARED ME WANTED. I
DO NOT WANT TO INVEST THIS MONEY IN ABIDJAN DUE TO UNFAVORABLE
ECONOMIC CLIMATE.  AS A RESULT, I KEPT THE MONEY IN A CUSTOM BONDED
WAREHOUSE WITH THE SECURITY COMPANY.  SO THAT I CAN NOT LAY MY HANDS
ON IT UNTIL
IT GETS TO YOUR COUNTRY, WHERE I WILL COMMENCE INVESTMENT.

THE ONLY ASSISTANCE WE NEED FROM YOU WHICH I BELIEVE
YOU WOULD DO FOR US ARE THE FOLLOWING:

1. MAKE IMMEDIATE ARRANGEMENT TO TAKE THE DELIVERY OF
THE CRATE (FUND) AT THEIR EUROPE OR AMERICAN
COMMISSION AGENTS.
2. ASSURANCE FROM YOU THAT YOU WILL NOT SIT ON OUR
SHARE WHEN THIS FUND GETS TO YOUR COUNTRY.

MY WIFE AND I AGREED THAT YOU SHALL BE ENTITLED TO 20% OF THE TOTAL
AMOUNT WHILE THE PRINCIPAL SUM WILL BE INVESTED IN A VIABLE BUSINESS
VENTURE WITH YOUR ADVICE. MOST IMPORTANTLY, I WILL LIKE TO BUY A
PERSONAL HOUSE WHERE MY WIFE, MY TWO SONS AND I WILL RESIDE.

UPON CONFIRMATION OF YOUR INTEREST TO HELP US AS OUR FOREIGN PARTNER
TO CLAIM THE CRATE FROM THE SECURITY COMPANY ON OUR BEHALF AT ANY OF
THEIR COMMISSION AGENT CLOSER TO YOU, I SHALL FURNISH YOU WITH THE
DETAILS OF THE MOVEMENT OF THE CONSIGNMENT TO BE SCHEDULED IN YOUR
FAVOUR BY THE SECURITY COMPANY PREPARE AN AIRWAY BILL AND TAG THE
CONSIGNMENT IN YOUR FAVOUR.  YOUR PRIVATE FAX AND TELEPHONE NUMBERS
ARE NEEDED TO ENHANCE THE SPEEDY CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION (OUR
ONLY HOPE IN LIFE NOW) URGENTLY.
KINDLY TREAT AS URGENT AND CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY THROUGH THE ABOVE
E-MAIL ADDRESS {PANMENTAT@REDIFFMAIL.COM OR PANMENTAT@PHANTOMEMAIL.COM}.
I HAVE NOT ACQUIRED A NEW PHONE AS I LOST ALL MY PROPERTIES IN BOAUKE

YOURS FAITHFULLY,

MR PETER WILLIAMS

</p>

</body></html>