<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Good day" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Good day" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="creator" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="President/CEO." />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Oct 23 08:27:33 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Author" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-506" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jeffmboma@tiscali.co.uk" />
<title>Good day</title>
</head>
<body><p>BOARD OF TRUSTEES,
NIGERIAN NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION [NNPC]
Victoria-Island,Lagos.
FROM THE OFFICE OF:DR. JEFF MBOMA (MNIM)

Attn: President/CEO.
BUSINESS PROPOSAL: TRANSFER OF US$25.6 M (TWENTY-FIVE
MILLION SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS) &amp;
BUSINESS INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP
First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this
transaction,this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly
confidential and top secret as you were introduced to us in
confidence through the Nigerian Chamber of
Commerce, Foreign Trade Division.
I am Dr.Jeff Mboma, the Secretary of the Federal Government
of Nigeria Contract Award and Monitoring Committee (CAMC) of
the Nigerian National
Petroleum Corporation [NNPC].Sometime ago, a contract was
awarded to a conglomerate of Foreign Companies
by my committee on behalf of NNPC, the contract was
over-invoiced to the tune of US $25.6 Million.This was done
deliberately, the over-invoicing was a deal by members of my
committee to benefit from the project, we now desire to
transfer the money, which is presently in a suspense account
of NNPC in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) into an
overseas account which we expect you to provide
We have agreed that the following funds will be shared thus
after it has been paid into your account;
a) 30% of the money will go to you for acting as the
beneficiary of the fund.
b) 10% has been set aside as an abstract projection for
reimbursement to both parties for incidental expenses that
may be incurred in the course of the transaction.
c) 60% to us the government officials (which we wish to
commence an important business in conjunction with you).
I Would Require
a) Name and address of Company/ Beneficiary
b) Proforma Invoice / Letter-Head Paper

The above information would be used to make formal
applications as a matterof procedure for the release of the
money and onward transfer to your nominated account.
It does not matter whether or not your company or you does
contract projects of the nature described here, the
assumption is that you won a major contract and
subcontracted it out to other companies, more often than
not,big trading companies or individuals of unrelated field
win major contracts and subcontracts to more specialized
firms for execution of such contracts.
We have strong and reliable connections and contacts at the
Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and The Federal Ministry of
Finance and we have no doubts at all that this money will be
released and transferred if we get the necessary
foreign partners to assist us in this deal. Therefore, when
the business is successfully concluded we shall through the
same connections withdraw all documents used from all the
concerned government ministries for 100% security.
We want this money to be transferred to the foreign account
which you are going to provide bearing in mind that our
civil service code of conduct forbids us from owning foreign
company or running foreign account, all
expenses regarding the account opening if not already in
existence shall be borne by you, all expenses are however
reimbursable as already stated above on conclusion of
business.
Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter if you are
interested.
I wait in anticipation of your co-operation.

Yours Faithfully,

Dr.Jeff Mboma (MNIM)



</p>

</body></html>