<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="rrrrr,URGENT CONFIDENTIAL ASSISTANCE IN A MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;PETERSON BULINGA&quot; &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="PETERSON BULINGA &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="peson@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="rrrrr,URGENT CONFIDENTIAL ASSISTANCE IN A MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL TRANSACTION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;NTSERVERY6qQOVoVwpL00013515@ntserver.nakanishi.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="27 Oct 2003 09:09:42.0294 (UTC) FILETIME=[0EA92B60:01C39C6A]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;NTSERVERY6qQOVoVwpL00013515@ntserver.nakanishi.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;PETERSON BULINGA&quot; &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="PETERSON BULINGA &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;PETERSON BULINGA&quot; &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="PETERSON BULINGA &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="27 Oct 2003 09:09:42.0294 (UTC) FILETIME=[0EA92B60:01C39C6A]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Oct 27 17:42:53 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="PETERSON BULINGA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;PETERSON BULINGA&quot; &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="PETERSON BULINGA &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-518" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="PETERSON BULINGA &lt;peson@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;NTSERVERY6qQOVoVwpL00013515@ntserver.nakanishi.com&gt;" />
<title>rrrrr,URGENT CONFIDENTIAL ASSISTANCE IN A MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL TRANSACTION</title>
</head>
<body><p>PETERSON BULINGA
Contracts Award Monitoring Committee.
Zambian Ministry of Mining and Resources.
0031 617 664 901
ATTN:,
I humbly wish to solicit for your assistance in a business transaction.
This business proposal I wish to intimate you of will be of mutual benefit
to the both of us and its success is entirely based on mutual trust, cooperation and a
high level of confidentiality.

I am representing the board of the contract award and monitoring committee of
the Zambian Ministry of Mining and Resources. I am seeking your assistance
to enable me transfer the sum of US$30,500,000.00 (Thirty Million, Five
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) into your private/company account.
The fund came up as a result of a contract awarded and executed for and on
behalf of my Ministry. The contract was supposed to be awarded to two
foreign contractors to the tune of US$180,000,000.00 (One hundred and Eighty
Million United States Dollars). But in the course of negotiation, the
contract was awarded to a Bulgarian contractor at the cost of
US$149,500,000.00 (One hundred and Forty-nine Million, Five Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars) to our advantage unknown to the contractor. This
contract has been satisfactorily executed and inspected as the Bulgarian
firm is presently securing payment from my Ministry, where our Board is
in-charge of all foreign contract payment approval.

As a civil servant still in active government service, I am forbidden by law
to operate an account outside the shores of Zambia. Hence this message to
you seeking your assistance so as to enable me present your private/company
account details as a beneficiary of contractual claims alongside that of the
Bulgarian contractor, to enable me transfer the difference of
US$30,500,000.00 (Thirty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States
Dollars) into your provided account.

On actualization, the fund will be disbursed as stated below.
1. 20% of the fund will be for you as beneficiary
2. 80% of the fund will be for us.

All logistics are in place and all modalities worked out for a smooth
actualization of the transaction within the next few working days of
commencement. For further details as to the workability of this
transaction,
please reach me as soon as possible for further clarification.
Thank you and God bless as I await your urgent response.
Yours Sincerely,
PETERSON BULINGA

</p>

</body></html>