<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="es" />
<meta name="subject" content="PROJECT INTEREST." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="yet_bassey@123.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="yet_bassey@123.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="yet_bassey@123.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="yet_bassey@123.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="es" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="Get back to me ONLY any of these email addresses: yet_basey@indiatimes.com, ybassey@ecplaza.net, " />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PROJECT INTEREST." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;15725dd156dbbd.156dbbd15725dd@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;15725dd156dbbd.156dbbd15725dd@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="es" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HNH00IF1JCXDA@ismtp4.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for webmaster@aclweb.org; Tue, 28 Oct 2003 17:53:25 -0300 (CLST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Oct 28 15:53:42 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="es" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HNH00IF1JCXDA@ismtp4.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for webmaster@aclweb.org; Tue, 28 Oct 2003 17:53:25 -0300 (CLST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Yetunde Bassey" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-521" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Yetunde Bassey &lt;yet_bassey@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;15725dd156dbbd.156dbbd15725dd@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<title>PROJECT INTEREST.</title>
</head>
<body><p>

My dear friend, 

I am Mr. Yetunde Bassey, Bank Manager of Diamond Bank of Nigeria,Lagos Branch. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. 

On June 6, 1999, a FOREIGN Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr. Roger Scott made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at US$25,000,000.00 (Twenty- five Million Dollars) in my branch. 

Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Roger Scott made died from an 
automobile accident. 

On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Roger Scott made did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. 

This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it. 

According to Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. 

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as an Foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Roger Scott  so that the fruits of this old man&amp;#8217;s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials. 

This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall employ the service of an Attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favor for the transfer.

A bank account in any part of the world, which you will provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 65% for me, 30% for you and 5% would be for settling expenses on my part and yours also for tax when the funds arrive your country. 

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately ONLY via any of my alternate private email addresses below otherwise I would not respond to you. 

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.
 
Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. I look forward to hearing from you soonest.

Thanks and regards.

Mr. Yetunde Bassey

NOTE: Get back to me ONLY any of these email addresses: yet_basey@indiatimes.com, ybassey@ecplaza.net, 


____________________________________________________________
Charle con sus amigos online usando CHAT 123 http://www.123.com/sp/chat/section.php?id_section=329


</p>

</body></html>