<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="KINDLY ASSIST" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="susanshubangu@123.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="susanshubangu@123.com " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="susanshubangu@123.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="susanshubangu@123.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="susanshubangu@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="KINDLY ASSIST" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="susanshubangu@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;1582fdf157f27f.157f27f1582fdf@123mail.cl&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1582fdf157f27f.157f27f1582fdf@123mail.cl&gt; 5.We will need to sign a legally   binding agreement relating our benefits and commitments in this transaction  For your assistance, I am offering you 20% of this fund,Please honesty is the watch word in this transaction .However, you have to assure me and also be ready to go into agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund. If you agree to my terms,kindly as a matter of urgency, send me an   email. Due to my sensitive position in the South African Government, I would not want you to call me on phone or send a fax to me. All correspondence must be by email to my private email address, If you want to speak with my Attorney, that is fine and okay by me. His chambers will be representing my interest. All correspondence must be made either to my Attornery,or send me an email. I will also like you to give me your contact address of telephone, fax and email to enable my Attorney call or reach you from time to time." />
<meta name="creator" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en " />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HNH00EJMLOF5A@ismtp7.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for webmaster@aclweb.org; Tue, 28 Oct 2003 18:43:32 -0300 (CLST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003) " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Oct 28 16:43:52 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt; with ESMTP id &lt;0HNH00EJMLOF5A@ismtp7.priv2.mail.entelchile.net&gt; for webmaster@aclweb.org; Tue, 28 Oct 2003 18:43:32 -0300 (CLST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="susan shubangu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.12 (built Feb 13 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-522" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="susan shubangu &lt;susanshubangu@123.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1582fdf157f27f.157f27f1582fdf@123mail.cl&gt; 5.We will need to sign a legally   binding agreement relating our benefits and commitments in this transaction  For your assistance, I am offering you 20% of this fund,Please honesty is the watch word in this transaction .However, you have to assure me and also be ready to go into agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund. If you agree to my terms,kindly as a matter of urgency, send me an   email. Due to my sensitive position in the South African Government, I would not want you to call me on phone or send a fax to me. All correspondence must be by email to my private email address, If you want to speak with my Attorney, that is fine and okay by me. His chambers will be representing my interest. All correspondence must be made either to my Attornery,or send me an email. I will also like you to give me your contact address of telephone, fax and email to enable my Attorney call or reach you from time to time." />
<title>KINDLY ASSIST</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,
 
After deliberation with my children, I decided to contact you for your assistance  in standing as a beneficiary to the sum of US$15.5M(Fifteen Million,Five  hundred Thousand United States Dollars ).
 
Firstly, let me start by introducing myself as MRS SUSAN SHABANGU, a mother  of three children and the former Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy under the auspices of the President of South Africa MR THABO MBEKI. You can view my profile at my website www.gov.za/profiles/shabangu.htm
 
THE PROPOSAL After the swearing in ceremony making me the Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy, my husband Mr Ndelebe Shabangu died while he was  on an official trip to Trinidad and Tobago . After his death, I discovered that he had some funds in dollar, US$15.5 million United States Dollars currently in a coded security company vault in Europe which I now intend to use to establish a profitable business for my children to
enable my children and I start life again.As a result, I am urgently in need of a very reliable investor participant who is not known as my associate,that I could entrust with the pin and certificate of deposit to help me remove the box including Gold and Diamond Platinium since no one name were used in securing the vault. I can not successfully claim it myself as the government searchlight is still on me.Though, I do not know you in person but I still maintain my late husbands theory that business is people and contacts. hence I crave your assistance,you will also Bank and assist me in investing this money with my lawyers approval on project.
 
Finally,more details on the logistics and modalities of the trasaction will  be given to you as soon as I receive your acceptance letter. Do not forget the confidenciality sorounding this transaction, while awaiting for your letter I am calling on the Almighty God to be with all of us . This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced contract which he executed with the Government of South Africa. Though I assisted him in getting
this contract but I never knew that it was over-invoiced by him. I am afraid  that the government of South Africa might start to investigate on contracts awarded from 1990 to date. If they discover that he has this kind of money,  they will confiscate it and seize his assets here in South Africa and this  will definetely affect my status. The money is contained in a strong steel security box in cash and it is presenting deposited with a security firm in Armsterdam- Holland where it is registered as family treasures and valuables for security reasons.In side the box are all documentation for funds.
 
WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO FOR ME .
1.You are to come to Armsterdam ,open a non-resident account in one of the commercial banks where funds will be deposited before finally being transferred to your nominated account overseas(as may be mutually agreed).
2.I have made arrangements to give the transaction the legal cover as overseas  investment.
3. Security storage and demurrage charges have accumulated considerably since my husband death. I am making arrangement to raise money to settle this.It is imoportant that you and my Attoney are together throughout the transaction in Armsterdam, Holland.
4.I would appreciate at the end of the day ,if part of the money is invested  in developing countries like South Africa.
 5.We will need to sign a legally   binding agreement relating our benefits and commitments in this transaction  For your assistance, I am offering you 20% of this fund,Please honesty is the watch word in this transaction .However, you have to assure me and also be ready to go into agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund. If you agree to my terms,kindly as a matter of urgency, send me an   email. Due to my sensitive position in the South African Government, I would not want you to call me on phone or send a fax to me. All correspondence must be by email to my private email address, If you want to speak with my Attorney, that is fine and okay by me. His chambers will be representing my interest. All correspondence must be made either to my Attornery,or send me an email. I will also like you to give me your contact address of telephone, fax and email to enable my Attorney call or reach you from time to time.
  
Please I do not need to remind you of the need for absolute Confidentiality if this transaction must succeed. 
YOU MUST NOT CALL ME! If you do not feel comfortable with this transaction, do not hesitate to
discontinue. Thanks for your anticipated co-operation and my regards to your family.

Yours Faithfully,

Mrs. Susan  Shabangu
(Former Deputy Minister of 
Minerals and Energy ,South Africa)
 
 
 




____________________________________________________________
Charle con sus amigos online usando CHAT 123 http://www.123.com/sp/chat/section.php?id_section=329


</p>

</body></html>