<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;body&gt;from" content="The Desk of Dr.PETER CLAPTON&lt;BR&gt;Director, Investments and Portfolio " />
<meta name="subject" content="mail me" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="The Desk of Dr.PETER CLAPTON" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR Peter Clapton &lt;wasa@was.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="41 79 530 99 35" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="wasa@was.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-10-31T00:55:49Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@S&gt; " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&quot;DR Peter Clapton&quot; &lt;peterclapton@rediffmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="= Multipart Boundary 1030031655" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="mail me" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="&quot;DR Peter Clapton&quot; &lt;peterclapton@rediffmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=&quot;http" content="//www.royaltrust.com&quot;&gt;www.royaltrust.com&lt;/A&gt;.&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;BR&gt;We await " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20031031012826.5EE78C286@krusty.si.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="The Desk of Dr.PETER CLAPTON" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR Peter Clapton &lt;wasa@was.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="The Desk of Dr.PETER CLAPTON" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR Peter Clapton &lt;wasa@was.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-10-31T00:55:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-10-31T00:55:49Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;wasa@was.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Oct 30 20:28:44 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;wasa@was.com&gt; boundary=&quot;= Multipart Boundary 1030031655&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="&quot;DR Peter Clapton&quot; &lt;wasa@was.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20031031012826.5EE78C286@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR Peter Clapton" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="&quot;DR Peter Clapton&quot; &lt;wasa@was.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="The Desk of Dr.PETER CLAPTON" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR Peter Clapton &lt;wasa@was.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-526" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR Peter Clapton &lt;wasa@was.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20031031012826.5EE78C286@krusty.si.UM&gt; " />
<title>mail me</title>
</head>
<body>From: The Desk of Dr.PETER CLAPTON
Director, Investments and Portfolio 
Management,
Royal Accounting and Trust LLC,
Switzerland.
Tel: 41 79 530 
99 35
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,
 
I am the expert 
director heading Investments and Portfolio Management in the above-mentioned 
firm in Switerland.
 
I am contacting you in view of an urgent 
assistance to carry out a pending transaction, which will develop a cordial 
business relationship between you and me. One of my clients whom I have 
personally managed his portfolio for 10 years now was a victim of a fatal car 
crash. His name is Late Mr Saud Ed Abad AlKharj, he was survived by a fiance and 
a two-year-old son from her as they intended getting married but where trying to 
be cautious because of Islamic law attitude on adultery. This were his only 
family and no next of kin, as he was the only child of Late Sheikh Hamza Al 
Kharj Al Faisal, who received royalties from the Kuwaiti Government on one of 
his fields which oil was discovered and subsequently explored (the Al Jazriah 
Oil Field).
 
All subsequent investigation to find a next of kin was 
privately conducted by me and was futile. It was at this juncture that I and 
other officials Managing his portfolio and 2 bank managers where he had his 
accounts now 
decided to make this proposal and transfer ownership of the 
portfolio to an Agreeing party as beneficiary to the portfolio of the 
deceased.
 
The reason why ownership cannot be transferred to his 
wife to be and only son is that Islamic law will not recognize such and if an 
attempt is made on that it may put her in trouble with the authorities for 
giving birth outside 
marriage. So we have decided to help her by making this 
proposal and making sure she gets a substantial part of Late Mr Saud Alkharj’s 
property for her 
and her son.
 
You must be asking where I got 
your mail address, it was made available to me by a junior director Mrs Cynthia 
Philips in charge of customer services on request for contacts for investment 
expansion for a client but she is not aware of this contact. All records and 
accounts regarding the assets of deceased were managed by me for 10 years 
running, if you are interested to assist us, all I will do is to incorporate in 
the old records recognizing 
you as the only beneficiary.
 
The 
banking law here stipulates that if such portfolio remains unclaimed after four 
years it will go to the public department. The need for a foreigner as 
beneficiary is occasioned by the fact that the deceased was not 
permanently 
resident in Switzerland.
 
For your assistance, we made up of I, 2 
senior directors in my firm and 2 bank managers in banks which the Kuwaiti 
Government pay royalties, accruing to the deceased have agreed in fairness to 
make available 25% of all bank 
funds cleared and 15% of the royalties which 
you will continue to receive on behalf of the deceased as sole beneficiary every 
year. However we do not intend to share any interest with you as far as the 
estates and property are 
concerned, as they will be going to the surviving 
wife and child.
 
If you are okay with the above explanations, you 
may reply us including all your contact telephone and fax numbers so that we may 
confirm you genuine, after which we will make more information available to you 
on how we will 
proceed.
 
I must further assure you that this 
transaction is 100% legitimate and the modalities for this transaction is being 
handled by top executives which assure a risk free transaction.Kindly visit my 
firms website at <a shape="rect" href="http://www.royaltrust.com">www.royaltrust.com</a>.
 
We await 
your timely response.
 
Best Regards
 
DR PETER 
CLAPTON
</body></html>