<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jamesmorgan@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-11-05T13:17:10Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesmorgan@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesmorgan@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jamesmorgan@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jamesmorgan@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_Part_16287_14929308.1068038230057" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;30401587.1068038230059.JavaMail.www@wwinf3006&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jamesmorgan@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tell" content="234-1-7756759." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;30401587.1068038230059.JavaMail.www@wwinf3006&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-11-05T13:17:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-11-05T13:17:10Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-e-mail" content="charlsmorgan2@yehey.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Nov  5 08:17:16 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_Part_16287_14929308.1068038230057&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="james morgan" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-533" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="james morgan &lt;jamesmorgan@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;30401587.1068038230059.JavaMail.www@wwinf3006&gt; " />
<title>URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>DR JAES MORGAN(PRINCIPAL AUDITOR)
NIGERIA NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION(NNPC)
FALOMO OFFICE COMPLEX
IKOYI, LAGOS NIGERIA.
TELL:234-1-7756759.
<a shape="rect" href="mailto:E-MAIL:charlsmorgan2@yehey.com">E-MAIL:charlsmorgan2@yehey.com</a></p>





















<p>Dear SIR,
I guess my letter would not embarrass you since I
have no previous correspondence with you.  The
foreign  trade office of the Nigeria Chamber of
Commerce and</p>





















<p>Industry gave me your company's details.  My request
however  centers on mutual collaboration and your
unflinching support to confidentially set-up a
Joint-Venture outfit in your country.</p>





















<p>I hope I  would not regret approaching you in this
matter.</p>





















<p>I am at present working as the Chairman of the Task
Force that is reviewing all previous and present
contract awarded by various ministries in the
country.</p>





















<p>This appointment is from the office of the
Presidency in the Federal Republic of Nigeria.  Since
the appointment took effect from November, 2000.  The
Task Force have jointly discovered some
irregularities  comprising of over invoice contract
values.</p>





















<p>In the   meantime, we have discovered about Nine
Hundred and Eighty  Million United States Dollars
US$980,000,000.00).</p>





















<p>In our respective positions and status, this is an
opportunity to enrich ourselves and our family, as a
matter of fact, this is a timely opportunity
considering the economic situation in this country, we
have agreed to declare only Nine Hundred and Fifty-Six
Million United States Dollars US$956,000,000.00) to
the government while the balance of
(US$24,000,000.00)Twenty - Four Million United  States
Dollars only will be remitted to your
private/company's account.</p>





















<p>
We hope to establish a Joint-Venture Business with you
in your country. This money if accepted by you will be
used in financing the cost of equity and other
expenses for the take-off of the Joint Business.We
have set out the machinery to enable us secure the
effective remittance of this fund to your account, if
only you can work with us.It is however noteworthy
that this business is extremely sensitive and must be
kept confidential.</p>





















<p>Furthermore, 30% of the money will be due
for you as compensation for your effort and
assistance, 10% for incidental expenses to be incurred
on the course of transferring this fund while the
rest goes into the Joint-Venture Project.  Please note
that remittance would be effective from 14 working
days on receipt of your Bank Account
details as follows:
1. Bank Name and Address
2. Account Number
3. Beneficiary's name and address
4. Private Telephone/Fax number for easy</p>





















<p>communication  and confidentiality  of this
transaction.</p>





















<p>However, do endeavour to reply me if your capacity
does not meet up our  proposal so that I can</p>





















<p>further more negotiation.</p>





















<p>Best Regards,
 </p>





















<p>DR JAMES MORGAN.</p>





















<p> </p>

</body></html>