<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="212.165.132.248" />
<meta name="subject" content="urgent assistance please" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="fbello1@megamail.pt" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="8BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="fbello@megamail.pt" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="fbello@megamail.pt" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="fbello@megamail.pt" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-User-Agent" content="Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.01; Windows NT 5.0)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-cache-control" content="no-cache" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="IMP/PHP IMAP webmail program" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent assistance please" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;1068160559.3faad62f69435@madrid-hme1&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="IMP/PHP IMAP webmail program" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-authentication-warning" content="madrid.: nobody set sender to fbello1@megamail.pt" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1068160559.3faad62f69435@madrid-hme1&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Authentication-warning" content="madrid.: nobody set sender to fbello1@megamail.pt using -f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-user-agent" content="Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.01; Windows NT 5.0)" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;	by unforgiven.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id hA6NUXa24940	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Thu, 6 Nov 2003 18:30:33 -0500 (EST) 6 Nov 2003 23:24:42 +0000 (GMT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Nov  6 18:30:38 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt; by unforgiven.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id hA6NUXa24940 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Thu, 6 Nov 2003 18:30:33 -0500 (EST) 6 Nov 2003 23:24:42 +0000 (GMT) using -f" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Frank Bello" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Cache-Control" content="no-cache" />
<meta name="Author" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="212.165.132.248" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-540" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Frank Bello &lt;fbello1@megamail.pt&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1068160559.3faad62f69435@madrid-hme1&gt;" />
<title>urgent assistance please</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF DR. FRANK BELLO, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR,
FINANCE, N. N. P. C.
CONFIDENTIAL
ATTN: 
Compliments of the day and sorry for the embarrassment
my letter might cause you. I am Dr. Frank Bello, the
Executive Director Finance, of the Nigeria National
Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). 
Because of my position and that of other strategic
officials who are heads in their departments, we have
in our possession since 1997 the sum of US$60M Dollars
(Sixty million United States Dollars) which we amassed
through over invoicing of foreign contracts fully
executed and commissioned with the different foreign
Contractors duly paid their full contract amounts. 
Following the peaceful life ushered in by the current
democratic dispensation in Nigeria, I and my 
colleagues have decided to transfer the sum of US$60
Million into a foreign account operated by a foreigner
for onward transfer into our accounts. I request your
assistance in transferring and safeguarding the sum of
US$60M Dollars for our mutual benefits. 
For assisting us in transferring and safeguarding this
fund, you will be entitled to 35% of the total sum, 
60% belongs to my colleagues and me while 5% will go
for reimbursement of all expenses made by both 
parties. 
It is imperative to note that this transaction is risk
free as my colleagues in the relevant ministries have
perfected all modalities for the successful transfer
of this fund. 
However, we should see absolute confidentiality as our
watchword throughout the course of this transaction
for we are civil servants and will want to safeguard
our jobs, so as to receive our pension, since we have
put in a lot of years on active service for the
N.N.P.C. 
I will not be ungrateful if you can urgently furnish
me with your full name as you want it to appear in the
necessary documents, address, private telephone, fax
and mobile numbers so as to enable us conclude all
modalities associated with the transfer of the funds
for onward transmission into your nominated bank
account because the Central Bank of Nigeria has
authorized the Guaranty Credit Bank of Nigeria to
make payments to all contractors and you will be
included among the contractors by me and my
colleagues.  
Looking forward to hear from you soonest so as to stop
further contacts .
Regards, 
Dr. Frank Bello.


-------------------------------------------------
Email Enviado utilizando o serviço MegaMail

</p>

</body></html>