<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR FEMI MARTINS&quot; &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR FEMI MARTINS &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="femi-martins876@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-11-08T08:24:54Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="femi-martins876@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="femi-martins876@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200311072337.hA7NaxjL001255@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR FEMI MARTINS&quot; &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR FEMI MARTINS &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR FEMI MARTINS&quot; &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR FEMI MARTINS &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-11-08T08:24:54Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-11-08T08:24:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov  7 18:37:42 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200311072337.hA7NaxjL001255@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR FEMI MARTINS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR FEMI MARTINS&quot; &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR FEMI MARTINS &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-542" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR FEMI MARTINS &lt;femi-martins876@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200311072337.hA7NaxjL001255@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>PARAMOUNT SECURITY COMPANY HOLLAND,
LAGOS BRANCH.
Private Email:{femimartins876@fsmail.net &lt;mailto:femimartins876@fsmail.net&gt;
Dear Friend,
I am Mr.femimartins,Manager of paramount security company,
Lagos Branch. I apologize for using this medium to reach
you for a transaction/business of this magnitude, but this is
due to confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this medium.
Be informed that your enviable credentials/particulars were
given to me by a member of the South African Export Promotion
Council who was at the Government delegation to your country
during a trade exhibition. I have decided to seek a confidential
co-operation with you in the execution of the deal described
hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep
it as confidential because of the nature of this transaction .
I have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for
you. On Dec. 19, 1998, a Canadian Oil consultant/contractor with
the Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources, Mr. Antoine Blanc
made a numbered timed(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months,
valued at US$25,000,000.00 (Twenty Five Million Dollars)in my
branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a
reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers,
the Ministry of Energy and Natural resources that Mr. Antoine
Blanc died from a plane crash. On further
investigation, I found out that he died without making a Will,
and all attempts to trace his next of kin was futile. I
therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.
Antoine Blanc did not declare any kin or relations in all his
official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my
security company. This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is still sitting in my security company
and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at
the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it.
According to Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 6 (six) years,
the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian
Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as an
Foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Antoine Blanc so
that the fruits of this old man's labor will not get into the
hands of some corrupt government officials. This is simple, I
will like you to provide immediately your full names and address
so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and
affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin. We
shall employ the services of one Attorney for drafting and
notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents
and letter of probate/administration in your favor for the
transfer. A bank account either newly created or existing in any
part of the world which you will provide, will then facilitate
the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of
kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in
the ratio of 75% for me and 20% for you. Then 5% will be used to
offset any expenses incurred during the entire processing.
Please your percentage is not negotiable. it is considerate
enough. There is no risk at all as the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the Attorney, and my position as the
Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction.

If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private
email address below. Upon your response, I shall then provide
you with more details and relevant documents that will help you
understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that
this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because
I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your
country. I am awaiting your urgent reply via my email:
.femi-martin876@fsmail.net &lt;mailto:.femi-martin876@fsmail.net&gt;
However, after your initial response by email, I would suggest
that you contact me via phone 234 8055467101, for a verbal and detailed explanation of this transaction .This is imperative, because I would like to speak with you in order to be sure of who I would
be with carrying out this transaction with.

Regards.




</p>

</body></html>