<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="let us work it out" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kojadams@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-11-14T17:10:27Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kojadams@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="kojadams@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="kojadams@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kojadams@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;14279078.1068829827398.JavaMail.www@wwinf4004&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kojadams@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="let us work it out" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;14279078.1068829827398.JavaMail.www@wwinf4004&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-11-14T17:10:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-11-14T17:10:27Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov 14 12:10:34 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="kojadams" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-550" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kojadams &lt;kojadams@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;14279078.1068829827398.JavaMail.www@wwinf4004&gt;" />
<title>let us work it out</title>
</head>
<body><p>Kojo Adams, 
Accounting Department, 
EcoBank. 
Cotonou, 
Attn my friend ,  
I am Mr kojo Adams, Auditor, with Accounting
Department,Ecobank here in Cotonou, Benin Republic. I got your
very good name and e-mail address from the online classified
posted on the net.I have decided to contact  you purely on the
personal conviction of trust andconfidence that we can co-operate with one another and do a very
lucrative business for our mutual benefit.The Business I am
proposing to you is in respect of the  sum of US$11,183,000.00
(Eleven Million One Hundred and Eighty-Three  Thousand United
States Dollars Only) deposited in Dollar account with my bank which belonged to Mr Mohamed Saleh
Ibrahim who died on 25th July,2000 in a plane crash, is an Engineering contractor.My bank has made several efforts at 
contacting the family of Mohamed Saleh Ibrahim or his relatives, but all have proved abortive as
he had no identifiable kins men. This sum of US$11.183M has remained unclaimed ever since then and nobody has 
come 
forward as his next of kin. The management under the influence of our chairman and member of the board of directors 
has  
made an arrangement for the fund to be declared unclaimable  and subsequently be turned to the
reserve account of the bank. It is against the background of the  foregoing,that two of my  colleagues and myself in the 
bank 
have decided to contact you for assistance and partnership, for you to stand as
the next of kin to Mr  Mohamed Saleh Ibrahim.

With your permission this fund will be transferred to your private account
abroad as the beneficiary and next of kin to Mr Mohamed Saleh Ibrahim . All proof of claim and necessary 
documentation will be
carefully worked out in your favour and we assure  you of 100% risk free involvement and protection. 
consequently, if you find this proposal acceptable to you and you wish  to assist us, I expect your urgent response and 
upon
receipt of that,we shall discuss and agree on the disbursement and sharing ratio.Let me therefore expect your very 
urgent
response through my phone,or e-mail  addresses. Please endeavour to include your private phone and fax number and 
also 
your private e-mail where available. 
Please keep this proposal very secret and confidential.
Thank you and best regards 
as I await your urgent response. 

yours Faithfully, 

Adams. +229-280-899

------------------------------------------

Faites un voeu et puis Voila ! www.voila.fr 



</p>

</body></html>