<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Please reach me!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Carl Eblon&quot; &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Carl Eblon &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="carleblon@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-11-17T16:53:12Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="eblon@martinsfarms.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="eblon@martinsfarms.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Please reach me!!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200311171551.hAHFp13o003344@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Carl Eblon&quot; &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Carl Eblon &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Carl Eblon&quot; &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Carl Eblon &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-11-17T16:53:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-11-17T16:53:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 17 10:51:22 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200311171551.hAHFp13o003344@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Carl Eblon" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Carl Eblon&quot; &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Carl Eblon &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-551" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Carl Eblon &lt;carleblon@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200311171551.hAHFp13o003344@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Please reach me!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Carl Eblon
Tel: 27-83-689-6084
Email: eblon@martinsfarms.com

Dear Friend,

Naturally this mail will come to you as a surprise, but if I
may crave your indulgence, I'm MR. Carl Eblon, the first son
of Dodi Martins Eblon, the most popular black farmer in
Zimbabwe who was recently murdered in the land dispute in my
country. I APOLOGISE FOR INVADING YOUR PRIVACY, BUT PLEASE, I
appeal to you to exercise a little patience and read through
my letter, and I guarantee you will not have wasted your time.

I am contacting you, as the need to for me to have a foreign
partner in your country has become necessary due to my plans
to relocate and establish a private company in that region,
as the present political instability in my country Zimbabwe,
does not encourage financial investment as the environment
is not conducive for investment and most of all security is
not insured,just as reported by international media.

This land problem came when Zimbabwean President Mr. Robert
Mugabe introduced a new Land Act Reform wholly affected the
rich white farmers and some few black farmers. This resulted
to the killing and mob action by Zimbabwean war veterans and
some lunatics in the society. Infact a lot of people were
killed because of this Land reform Act for which my father was
one of the victims. This was after the leadership of
president Robert Mugabe announced a degree on May 31st 2000
to seize more than 849 white-owned farms and 104 Black owned
farms (the white associates who are against the government
which includes my father and some of his friends). So far,
more than 1,400 white and black owned farms have been invaded
and confiscated, as well as claiming the properties of the
farmers. During these periods, as reported by international
media, more than 8 white and 4 black farmers were killed, the
government is not stopping at this, as just recently the
government have asked all white-farmers to give up their
farms to black farmers or risk going to prison.

Before the death of my father, he deposited the sum of US6.5
Million (Six Million, Five Hundred United States dollars) in
one of the private security company, as he foresaw the
looming danger in Zimbabwe. This money was deposited in a box
as gemstones and photographic materials to avoid much
demurrage from Security Company. This amount was meant for
the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the Farms and
establishment of new farms in Swaziland.

It is against this background that, my family and I fled
Zimbabwe for fear of our lives and are currently staying in
South Africa where we are seeking political asylum and more
so have decided to transfer my father's money to a more
reliable foreign account. as the eldest son of my father, I
am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine
foreign account where this money could be transferred without
the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking
everything we have got.
As a businessman, I am seeking for a partner who I have to
entrust my future and that of my family in his hands, I must
let you know that this transaction is risk free. If you
accept to assist me and my family, all I want you to do for
me, is to make arrangements with the security company to
clear the consignment (funds). But before then all modalities
will have to be put in place.

I have two options for you. Firstly you can choose to have
certain percentage of the money for nominating your account
for this transaction. Or you can go into partnership with me
for the proper profitable investment of the money in your
country. Whichever the option you want,feel free to notify
me. I have also mapped out 5% of this money for all kinds of
expenses incurred in the process of this transaction. If you
do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 15% of
the money while the remaining 80% will be for my investment
in your country.

I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in
this transaction.

Thanks, GOD BLESS YOU

Best Regards

CARL EBLON
MARTINS FARMS ZIMBABWE



</p>

</body></html>