<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-senderip" content="213.181.81.180" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;&quot; &lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mjaja02@libero.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mjaja02@libero.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;mjaja02&quot; &lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mjaja02 &lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mjaja02@libero.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-type" content="0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SenderIP" content="213.181.81.180" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;HOIVIW$396D0FB300E177E49043614550E29684@libero.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;&quot; &lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="mjaja02@libero.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;&quot; &lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mjaja02@libero.it" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-XaM3-API-Version" content="4.1 (B19)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 17 19:47:51 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt; of the World Youths" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;HOIVIW$396D0FB300E177E49043614550E29684@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-type" content="0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;&quot; &lt;mjaja02@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="mjaja02@libero.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-xam3-api-version" content="4.1 (B19)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-554" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mjaja02@libero.it" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;HOIVIW$396D0FB300E177E49043614550E29684@libero.it&gt; " />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS ASSISTANCE </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,
CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS ASSISTANCE
I am Mr. Mohammed Jaja, Deputy Secretary-General to
the Nigerian Football Association parent body of the World Youths
Championship, NIGERIAN 99 Local Organising Committee.
An affiliate of Federation of International Football Association (FIFA).

In the course of our preparation to host the World Youth Soccer
Championship Tagged (NIGERIAN 99) two years ago.
Huge sum of money running into millions of United
States Dollars was budgeted by the then Military Government for the
successful organisation of this competition.

In the same vein, the FIFA
President Mr. Joseph (Sepp)Blaster donated some millions of Dollars for the same
project, not to talk of Corporate bodies, Organisations and Football loving
individual as the Deputy
Secretary to both the Local Organising Committee (LOC) and the
Nigerian Football Association (NFA), I and some of my
colleagues in sensitive position were able to Over -Invoice most of the
contracts,
construction and refurbishing of the 8 stadia,Press Conference
Rooms,Communication facilities and all other infrastructures used for the
competition.The contractors who handled these projects had been
paid off.

I wish to inform you that the sum of US$18.5 million was realised as a result of
Over-Invoicing after the successful
competition and the said sum is presently lying in my
Organisations (NFA) coded account with the Central Bank of
Nigeria,ready for transfer into an overseas account of our choice.It
might interest you to know that the New Civilian President of Nigeria has
ordered that all Debt owned to foreign contractors should be paid
immediately in order to woo more foreign investors into Nigeria.
In the light of the above, I has been mandated by my
colleagues to seek for an honest and trustworthy foreigner who will
assist us in ensuring the successful Transfer of the above sum into
his Personal/Companies Account.

All necessary modalities/plan is duly worked out accordingly, you the
account owner will be entitled to 20% of the Total fund while 5% will
be used to settle any expenses that might be incurred by both parties
and 75% will before me and my colleagues.

You might be surprised and curious on how I got your
detail in particular,it is courtesy of the Chamber of
Commerce,Mines and Industry.

All we require from you is your Co-operation as this Transaction is absolutely
risk-free.

We kindly request that you handle this transaction with utmost secrecy.We are
hoping to develop a good
business relationship with you. 

Your immediate response will be highly
appreciated.I will want you to respond or through this
email address;mjaja01@ecplaza.net
because of the confidentiality
which this transaction needs.

Yours sincerely,

MR. Mohammed


</p>

</body></html>