<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Dr. Usman ali" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dr. Usman ali" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="creator" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Nov 21 21:50:35 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Author" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-560" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="usman_ali@tiscali.co.uk" />
<title>Dr. Usman ali</title>
</head>
<body><p>I am Dr. Usman ali, I am a former special
Adviser on Petroleum matters to the late Head of State
Of Nigeria Gen. Sani Abacha. Because of my strategic
Position in the former Government and also being a
Close confidant of the late Head of State.

I was able to acquire personally the sum of
$12,500,000.00 USD (Twelve Million, Five Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars only) presently lodged
In Security Company inform of Gold Bars in a security
company here in Nigeria. I did not want the management
of the Security Company to know the content of the
consignments; therefore I registered the content of
the consignments as Gold Bars. Now, the security
company believes that what I deposited with them was
Gold Bars
I made this money largely through "CONSULTANCY FEE"
And "Good Faith Fees" paid by foreign Oil companies
Prior to Allocation of Deep Water Oil Blocs and other
Lifting/prospecting Rights (Nigeria is the 6th largest
Producer/Exporter of Crude Petroleum in the World.
As you are probably aware Nigeria is prone to Military
Coups and the resultant Political/Economic Instability
has fueled hyper Inflation, amongst other problems.

I have therefore resolved to invest my money abroad,
preferable in Real Estate Properties and Importation
of Goods from your country for safety and optimum
returns on Investment.

However, straight transfer of this money into a bank
abroad will present two major problems one, the tax
incidence will be too high, as much as 60% of this
money will go up in Taxes, Levies, Penalties etc. as a
result of Government deliberate restrictions on flight
of capital Abroad. And also been accused of money
laundering
and terrorism, The solution is to Courier this money
cash abroad in form of consignment, through Courier
service Company here in Nigeria in
Conjunction with an embassy here in Nigeria, the money
will be packed in a "Diplomatic Bag/Carton" tagged
Diplomatic luggage that will be address to you.

This system is secret and the money is therefore
Untraceable. It is system used by most top Government
officials to remove their fortunes to safety abroad.
I have therefore concluded every arrangements with a
Courier Company in Nigeria to Courier this money
abroad using the courtesy and safety of Diplomatic
Bag. All I now need is an honest partner who can
receive the money on my behalf and help me to invest
as aforementioned. There is absolutely no risk
involved in this transaction as the money will be
delivered to you in United States Dollars Bills.

If you are interested in assisting me, please send to
me by email immediately your preferred contact address
where this money will be delivered to you, upon
delivery, you are to lodge this money in a bank
account and contact me for necessary arrangements for
the investment.
For your help and assistance in this deal, you will
receive 15% of this money in cash or Equity if you
wish to join the proposed company.


I have notified the Security Company where I deposited
the consignments that contained the fund, that I am
moving the consignment abroad and the security company
has since been waiting for my authority for the
consignment to leave my country and move to abroad.
So if you know that you will use this fund honestly as
I have instructed.

and the details will be given to you on how you will
be able to receive the fund in your country through
the security company. You should also forward to me
your telephone and fax number for easy communication
and to fax you the documents concerning the
consignments.
Your prompt response will be highly appreciated.


Best regards

Dr. Usman ali





</p>

</body></html>