<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Dear Confidant" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS&quot; &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="rama1@whipmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-11-24T10:48:15Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="rama1@whipmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="rama1@whipmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dear Confidant" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200311241051.hAOAp0Yn001496@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS&quot; &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS&quot; &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-11-24T10:48:15Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-11-24T10:48:15Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Nov 24 05:51:07 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt; I will send you details as" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200311241051.hAOAp0Yn001496@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS&quot; &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-562" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="FROM MRS RAMA IDRIS &lt;rama1@whipmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200311241051.hAOAp0Yn001496@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Dear Confidant</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MRS RAMA IDRIS

In Lordship. I am the above named person from Tunisia
but now undergoing medical treatment.

I was married to Dr.Roberts IDRIS who worked with
Malaysia embassy in ABIDJAN
for nine years, before he died in the year 2002. We
were both married for
eleven years without children.

He died after a brief illness that lasted for only
four days. Before his
death we were both Christians and since his death I
decided not to re-marry.
When my late husband was alive he deposited
the sum of USD5,500,000.00 (Five Million Five Hundred
Thousand United
States Dollars) with a  African Devlopment bank
   I will send you details as
soon as you indicate your interest.

Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for
the next Six months
due to my cancer illness. Having known my condition
and believing the doctor I have decided to donate
this fund to avoid total loss to church, Less
privilege,
or better still a Christian individual that
will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct
herein.

I want interested church or individual that will
receive and use this money to help churches,
orphanages ,widows and propagating the Gospel and to
ensure that the house
of God is maintained.

Please do not fail to spread the funds across the
globe
especially AFRICA as soon as you receive the money.

The Bible made us to understand
that it is more
blessed to give than to receive. I took this decision
because I don't have
any child that will inherit this money and my husband
relatives are fighting
over the properties and I don't want my husband's hard
earned money to be
misused by their greedy attitude. I don't want a
situation where this money
will be used in an UNGODLY manner, hence the reason
for taking this bold
decision. I am not afraid of death since I am a good
christian. I know
that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord.
Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case
and I shall hold my
peace. I don't need any telephone communication in
this regard because of my
health, and because of the presence of my husband's
relatives around me
always. I don't want them to know about this
development. With God all
things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I
shall give you the
contact information of the bank
and other details that will enable you claim
the funds.please i want you to be aware that according to my attorney
there are some important document that will be required by the bank for the transfer this is where i will need your little assistance before the fund can be transfer with the help of my attorney.

I will also issue you a letter of authority/Power of
Attorney that will make you the beneficiary
of this fund. I want you to always pray for me
because the lord is my
shepherd. My happiness is that I lived a life of a
worthy
Christian. Whoever that wants to serve the Lord must
serve him in spirit and
truth. Please always be prayerful all through your
life.

I sent you this mail under severe pains. Any delay in
your reply will be detrimental.
Please assure me that you will
act accordingly.

Hoping to hear from you immediately.

Remain blessed in the name of the Lord.

Yours in Christ,
Mrs. Rama idris.







</p>

</body></html>