<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by ober.cs.CU id hAPFwnUP013436" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD RELATIONSHIP" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Donga Kabaka&quot; &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Donga Kabaka &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-11-25T17:04:02Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by ober.cs.CU id hAPFwnUP013436" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="dongakabaka555@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD RELATIONSHIP" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200311251558.hAPFwb3K010875@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Donga Kabaka&quot; &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Donga Kabaka &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Donga Kabaka&quot; &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Donga Kabaka &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-11-25T17:04:02Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-11-25T17:04:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;R@O&gt;	for &lt;R@O&gt;; Tue, 25 Nov 2003 10:58:50 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov 25 10:59:19 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;R@O&gt; for &lt;R@O&gt;; Tue, 25 Nov 2003 10:58:50 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200311251558.hAPFwb3K010875@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Donga Kabaka" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Donga Kabaka&quot; &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Donga Kabaka &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-570" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Donga Kabaka &lt;dongakabaka@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200311251558.hAPFwb3K010875@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>GOOD RELATIONSHIP</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mr. Donga Kabaka.
P. O. Box 241. Sharjah, United Arab Emirate UAE
Email:dongakabaka555@yahoo.com

Dear Sir/Madam

You may be surprised to receive this letter from me
since you do not know me personally. For the purpose
of introduction, I am Mr. Donga Kabaka, the son of Dr.
James Kabaka, a wealthy black farmer/politician in
Zimbabwe who was murdered in the land dispute in my
country.

The land problem, in our country came when our
President Mr. Robert Mugabe in a bid to win his
re-election, introduced a new Land Act Reform wholly
affecting the rich white farmers and the black farmers
who are members of the opposition (MDC) party. This
resulted in killings and mob action by Zimbabwean war
veterans and some lunatics in the society. It is
against this background that I and my immediate family
had fled Harare our capital for fear of our lives and
are currently staying in a country side of
United Arab Emirate. We are planning to leave
the country and seek political asylum in Europe and we
have decided to move our family wealth to Europe.

We got your contact through the Internet based on our
urgent need for a dependable and trustworthy foreign
partner and hence decided to write to you. Before the
death of my late father, he had taken me to
United Aram Emirate several times and had
deposited the total sum of US$20.5 million (Twenty
million, Five Hundred thousand United States dollars),
in one of the private security companies, as he
foresaw the looming danger in Zimbabwe. This money was
deposited in two boxes as Family Treasures to avoid
much demurrage from the security company. This amount
was meant for the purchase of new machines and
chemicals for the Farms and the establishment of new
farms in Swaziland.

As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the
responsibility of seeking a genuine partner that could
assist us without the knowledge of my government who
are bent on taking everything we have got, and the
United Arab Emirate seems to be playing along
with them. I am faced with the dilemma of moving this
amount of money out of United Arab Emirate for fear of going
through the same experience in future.

We are seeking a partner whom I have to entrust my
future and that of my family in his/her hands. To this
end, we need your assistance to stand as the
Beneficiary of the Consignments in Europe. This is
because we are under restricted movement and watch and
hence we want to be very careful in order not to lose
this fund, which we have worked so hard for. I have a
sufficient CONTACT person at the Security Company in
United Arab Emirate who can help us move this money to Europe
under DIPLOMATIC COVER to another Security Company in
Europe with your details as the Beneficiary. This is
100% legal and will not pass through normal
Customs/Airport Screening.

Thus, if you are willing to assist us to move this
fund out of UAE, you can contact me through
my email address with your telephone, fax number and
personal information to enable us discuss further
details. I must let you know that this transaction is
risk free as far as we keep it as confidential as
possible. Thank you and many blessings to you.

Yours Faithfully,

Mr. Donga Kabaka.




</p>

</body></html>