<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="james momodu" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="Bruno.Daems@pandora.be" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-11-25T15:26:02Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jamespuj@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="13a9e111-57a4-46e7-b3c1-2f3af7868de3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jamespuj@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="james momodu" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200311251526.hAPFQOW17827@foxfire.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-11-25T15:26:02Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-11-25T15:26:02Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Nov 25 10:26:31 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200311251526.hAPFQOW17827@foxfire.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="james momodu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-571" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="james momodu &lt;Bruno.Daems@pandora.be&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200311251526.hAPFQOW17827@foxfire.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>james momodu</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Dear Sir,

I got your esteemed address from the internet during my search for a
reliable Individual/company who can jointly handle strictly confidential
transaction with me which involves a reasonable sum of money.

Due to the nature of this business transaction, a neutral person like you is
preferred. For introductory purpose, I am JAMES Momodu Pujeh, The son of
Momdu Pujeh, former transport and communications minister in Sierra Leone
who has been recently convicted for two years for illegally possessing
638.81 carats of diamonds valued at $36,500.

My father was sacked in November 2001 after the Anti-Corruption Commission
alleged that he and my mother had been involved in diamond trafficking in
Kenema, in the eastern part of Sierra Leone. My father won a seat in
parliamentary elections held last year but is expected to resign following
his conviction. My mother, Mary Momodu, is under investigation on a similar charges.

You may have heard how a lot of my father's bank account in Switzerland and
North America has been frozen. Following the outlined reasons for
investigation, I am soliciting for your esteemed organization's confidential
assistance to take custody of Thirteen Million, five hundred thousand United
States Dollars (US$13,500,000.00) and also to front for my family in the
areas of business you consider profitable.

These Consignments containing the funds have secretly been concealed and
deposited with a Diplomatic Security firm where it can easily be taken
delivery of by a recommended beneficiary. The consignment containing the
funds will be released to your
organization by the Security firm based on my recommendations on that note;
you will be presented as our partner who will be fronting for me and my
family in any subsequent ventures.

I have made my first visit to the security company and the document entitled
to clear this money is with a finance security company in Holland. On our
arrival in the Netherlands few weeks ago, we sought for political asylum;
which was granted.

Already, my sister and I are making frantic effort on the best way to handle
this money. We sought advice from an attorney who advised that we must seek
for a trustworthy foreign business partner whom can invest this fund in a
profitable venture.

This we view as the best option because our refugee status dose not permit
us to operate a bank account, hence we seek your assistance and hope you
could be trusted.
Meanwhile, I sincerely ask for your assistance to get this money through
your account. I and my mother have decided to give 25% to your organization
if you are able to help us claim this consignment. And 5% will be use for
upsetting all the expenses incurred in the course of concluding this venture
and the remaining 70% that will be for me and my family.

Please, I need your entire support and co-operation for the success of this
business ventures, your utmost confidentiality and secrecy is highly
required, due to my family's present predicament. Also you stand to gain
from any investment you might introduce us into after the conclusion of the
transfer. Please keep this confidential until we finalize and get this money
into your account for security reasons.

I am presently in the refugee camp here in the Netherlands under the United
Nations and I can be reached by responding to the following email address:
jamepuj2@zwallet.com
jamepuj@fsmail.net

Kind regards,

Mr. James Momodu

</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>