<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR.  SANNI  SABO&quot; &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR.  SANNI  SABO &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="davidmensoh@mail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="1999-01-02T00:43:13Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="davidmensoh@mail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="davidmensoh@mail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200301140853.h0E8rGUP008336@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR.  SANNI  SABO&quot; &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR.  SANNI  SABO &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR.  SANNI  SABO&quot; &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR.  SANNI  SABO &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="1999-01-02T00:43:13Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="1999-01-02T00:43:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Tue, 14 Jan 2003 03:53:45 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 14 03:53:55 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Tue, 14 Jan 2003 03:53:45 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200301140853.h0E8rGUP008336@cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR.  SANNI  SABO" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR.  SANNI  SABO&quot; &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR.  SANNI  SABO &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-59" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR.  SANNI  SABO &lt;davidmensoh@mail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200301140853.h0E8rGUP008336@cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn: The President,

Dear Sir,

My mail may come to you as a surprise, but sincerely this is a
proposal for a business deal that will benefit both of us. I am
contacting you after a frantic search for a person who will be
trustworthy and capable of handling a business of this dimension.

My name is Mr. Jonathan Mokoena, the Under-Secretary in charge of
Intergration at the Specialized Technical Committee of the African
Union (AU), formerly Organization of Afriacn Unity (OAU). You may be
aware of the transformation of the OAU to AU, and the mandate to
build a new united Africa modelled on the pattern of European Union
(EU). For this therefore, the various African leaders recently
inaugurated the New Patnership for African Development (NEPAD). NEPAD
is to streamline Africa towards achieving a common market, defence
force, currency, foreign policy, judiciary etc. For the above, the
various African countries have made whosoever contributions in
hundreds of million dollars. We have equally received grants/aids
from the EU, USA and other international governments and agencies.
These moneies in all have ran into millions of dollars.


As the officer in charge of receiving and managing these funds and
executing the projects for which they are ment for, I have received
all the money expected. I have also prepared my account which I have
submitted to the AU High Command, and it has been approved by the AU
Secratary-General, Dr. Amara Essy. However, in some of the money
received, some of the donor countries and international bodies
remitted to us amounts in excess of what they pledged. The AU before
now, has written to all of them to acknowledge the receipt of the
monies from them. The money in excess and which I have kept out with
only me having knowledge of it, is in the tune of Thirty-Five Million United States Dollars (US$35,000,000.00). As it is now, this money belongs to me, as neither the AU nor any of the donor countries/international agencies has declared their money missing.


I am therefore contacting you to assist me with the movement and
safe-keeping of this fund. As a public officer in my category, I
cannot openly put this money into any bank here in Addis Ababa,
Ethiopia, the AU headquarters where I am now, or in any other part of
Africa, as an account holder. This will surely raise eyebrows and
expose me. I have therefore concealed this amount of US$35M in four
metal trunk boxes, and declared them as artefacts belonging to a
foreigner. I deposited the boxes with a Security Company based in
Spain which has an affliate offices in Ghana, Cot d'Ivoire and South Africa. These cities are safe havens for this kind of transaction.

This transaction will however be hitch-free. So, I would therefore
want you to be in Banjul, The Gambia for the clearing and claiming of
this fund. I will furnish you with information/documents on how

you will stand as the beneficiary of the boxes. I have decided to
give to you 40% of the total amount involved.

Please I will want you to contact me on this e-mail address or the
alternative: (joe_mokoena@fastermail.com).


Also, you have to assure me of the secrecy and confidentiality in
this transaction.

Thanks in anticipation of your valued co-operation.

Mr. Jonathan Mokoena.
joe_mokoena@fastermail.com



</p>

</body></html>