<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Attn please" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tblmichl@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-12-07T10:57:11Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tblmichl@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tblmichl@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="tblmichl@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="tblmichl@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20051603.1070794631407.JavaMail.www@wwinf4001&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="tblmichl@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Attn please" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20051603.1070794631407.JavaMail.www@wwinf4001&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-12-07T10:57:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-12-07T10:57:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Dec  7 05:57:20 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="tblmichl" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-592" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="tblmichl &lt;tblmichl@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20051603.1070794631407.JavaMail.www@wwinf4001&gt;" />
<title>Attn please</title>
</head>
<body><p>INVESTMENT RELATIONSHIP REQUEST!!!


&gt;From Tabel D. Micheal

Hello Dear One,
I am Tabel Djedje Michael 23yrs and my younger sister
is Maria Micheal 
19yrs, we are the only children of late Dr .and Mrs. 
Djedje Michael our late father was a former Minister
of Interieur (in 
Ivory Coast) and he was a very wealthy Merchant and 
Politician with a good name in Abidjan the Economic
Capital of Ivory 
Coast. Our father was a victim of the recent political
unrest 
in this Country, he was assasinated on 20th september
2002 in our house 
in Abidjan, that same day we excape death because 
we were in the Church that fateful morning, our house
was also burnt 
down by these evil agents government, futhermore our 
mother died some 2 years ealier and since then our
father had took us 
so special and did not re-marry and we have an aged 
grandmother who is 69 years of old, which our father
was her only son.

Mrs Lim S. Tsing is a pen friend who work with an
information center in 
Japan,she recommended group contacts for us and of 
which your contacts was among and we chose to contact
you for this 
business relationship, our main purpose of sending
your 
this mail is because of the way we found you and
perhaps trustworthy to 
give you this priority of transfering our funds to
you, We 
inherited the sum of (11.183Millions Us Dollars) from
our late father, 
this funds is presently in a AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK
in REPUBLIC OF 
BENIN, may you provide an active personal or Company
bank account into 
which this funds can be transfered into for onward 
investment.

Before the death of our father on September 20th,2002,
He secretly told 
us that he has the sum
of US$11.183(eleven million one hundred and eight
three thousand dollars) left in  suspence/fixed
deposit
Trustee account in a AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK in
REPUBLIC OF BENIN, that he used my  name as his next
of kin and the beneficiary to this 
said the funds, he also told us that we should seek
for a reliable 
foreign partner in your country where we can transfer
this 
funds to and invest it in a valuable venture while we
continue our 
Education there.

Because we are still very young some unfaithful
Persons who claim to be 
our late father's partners have taking away many of 
our father's assets and have being trying to pin us
down dead so that 
they can have access to the document covering this 
funds, then we ran into hidout location here REPUBLIC
OF BENIN.

&gt;From this you can see that our lives are not save here
as we are 
presently in hide out location so your assistance is
highly 
needed and with sense of urgence and we will highly
appreciate your 
care at the successful end of this transaction.

Please, we are honourably seeking your assistance in
the following ways 
:

1. To provide an active Company or Personal bank
account into which 
this funds would be transfered into for onward 
Investment there in your country.

2. To take care of the investment of the funds/and be
a Co-Beneficiary 
of the funds to enable us to be able to make the
transfer.

3. To make arrangement for us, me Tabel, my little
sister Maria and our 
Grand-mother Mama Micheal to come over to your 
country to stay and further our education

4 Secure Residence permit in your country.

5. To help us look for funds managers to manage the
funds at the 
successful end of the transfer.

6. To provide Investment plan for this funds with the
help of experts.

7. To Fund the transfer process.

Moreover, we'll offer you any percentage of which we
shall chat soon as 
this becomes a successful transfer of this fund into 
your personal or company nominated account overseas.

Further more, if this transaction intrest you reply
this email message.
We Anticipating to hear your Favourable respond.

Thanks and May God bless you.

Best regards,

Tabel and Maria Djedje Michael 00 229 280 899.
------------------------------------------

Faites un voeu et puis Voila ! www.voila.fr 



</p>

</body></html>