<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Partnership" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="davidkuta@postmark.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2002-11-02T06:23:11Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="davidkuta@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="davidkuta@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="davidkuta@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="ALL CORRESPONDENCE SHOULD BE  CONFIDENTIAL. " />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Partnership" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="creator" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2002-11-02T06:23:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sieve" content="cmu-sieve 2.0 " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2002-11-02T06:23:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt;	02 Nov 2002 06:23:11 -0000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attention" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Nov  2 00:18:06 2002" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt; 02 Nov 2002 06:23:11 -0000 " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Kuta David" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-6" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Kuta David &lt;davidkuta@postmark.net&gt;" />
<title>Partnership</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTENTION:                                    
PRESIDENT/MANAGING DIRECTOR 
   
Dear Sir/Madam, 
   
Request for Urgent Business Relationship 
   
We are Top Officials of the Federal Government of 
Nigeria Contract Review Panel who are interested in 
importation of goods into our country and 
investing abroad with funds which are presently 
trapped in Nigeria. 
In order to commence this business we solicit your 
assistance, knowledge and expertise to enable us 
recieve the said trapped  funds abroad, for the 
subsequent purchase and inventory of the goods to be 
Imported and the investment abroad. 
   
The source of this fund is as follows: During the 
previous military regimes in our country, government 
officials set up companies and awarded themselves 
contracts which were grossly over-invoiced in 
various ministries. The new civilian government now 
setup  a contract review panel which i and my 
colleagues are members and we have identified a lot of 
inflated sum, due to our position  as civil servants 
and members of this panel, we cannot aquire this money 
in our names. 
I have therefore, been delegated as a matter of trust 
by my colleagues of the panel to look for an oversea 
partner into whose account the sum of us$31,000 000,00 
(thirty-one million united states dollars) will be 
Paid by telegraphic transfer. Hence we are writting 
you this letter. 

We have agreed to share the money thus: 
1.  70% for us (the officials) 
2.  20% for the foreign patner(you) 
3.  10% to be used in settling taxation and local and 
Foreign expenses. 

It is this 70% that we wish to commence the 
importation business and the investment abroad. Please 
note that this transaction is 100% safe and we hope 
that the funds can arrive your account in latest 
ten(10) banking days from the date of reciept of the 
following information.A suitable company name and bank 
account(company or personel) into which the funds can 
be paid. 
   
The above information will enable us write letters 
of claim and job  description respectively. This way 
we will use your company's name to apply for payments 
and re-award the contract to your company name. 
   
We are looking foward to doing business with you and 
solicit your confidentiality  in this transaction. 
   
Please acknowledge reciept of this letter using this 
e-mail address. 
davidkuta2002@yahoo.com 
I await your urgent response. 

NOTE: ALL CORRESPONDENCE SHOULD BE  CONFIDENTIAL. 

   
Best Regards, 
David Kuta 


</p>

</body></html>