<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD NEWS TO YOU" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rws@research.att.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="rws@research.att.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="rws@research.att.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="STEVEEMMY@webmail.co.za " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mail" content="GOD_BEE_WITH_US@YAHOO.CO.UK.You should try to" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20031214212234.66891.qmail@web25204.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="STEVEEMMY@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD NEWS TO YOU" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20031214212234.66891.qmail@web25204.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; {MONEY  TRANSACTION}" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ken_do1@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Dec 14 16:22:47 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ken_do1@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-599" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20031214212234.66891.qmail@web25204.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; {MONEY  TRANSACTION}" />
<title>GOOD NEWS TO YOU</title>
</head>
<body><p>Phone Number 882-1646685262. 
Private Email GOD_BEE_WITH_US@YAHOO.CO.UK.
I Need Your Urgent Reply. 
               
             {MONEY  TRANSACTION} 

Dear Sir,Madam
                                         
My name is Mr.Cyril Beko, and I work in the
International operation department in a Local Bank
here in South Africa. On a routine inspection I
discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a BAL.
Of  36,000,000 (Thirty Six Million USD) on further
discreet investigation, I also discovered that the
account holder has long since passed away (dead)
leaving no beneficiary to the account. The bank will
approve this money to any foreigner because the former
operator of the a/c is a foreigner and from Iraq in
particular and I am certainly sure that he is dead,
and nobody will come again for the claim of this money
A foreigner can only claim this money with legal
claims to the account Holder; therefore I need your
cooperation in this transaction. 

I will provide the necessary information needed in
order to claim this money, But you will need to open 
an account where this can be transferred. If
interested send your private Telephone No. And Fax 
number including full details of the account to be
used for the Deposit I wish for utmost confidentiality

in handling this transaction as my job and the future
of my family would be jeopardized if it were breached.


I want to assure you that the transaction is without
risk if due process is followed accordingly. Finally, 
I will give you 25% for your corporation. 

I look forward to your earliest reply through this
email or my private
mail:GOD_BEE_WITH_US@YAHOO.CO.UK.You should try to
call me on my satelite phone no.
882-1646685262. 


I look forward to a favorable response from you. 

Yours 

Mr.Cyril. 










________________________________________________________________________
BT Yahoo! Broadband - Save £80 when you order online today. Hurry! Offer ends 21st December 2003. The way the internet was meant to be. http://uk.rd.yahoo.com/evt=21064/*http://btyahoo.yahoo.co.uk

</p>

</body></html>