<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Reply Soon" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr.Wahid Mallam&quot; &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.Wahid Mallam &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="wahidmallam@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-12-15T17:05:45Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="foreignoperations@cititrust-bank.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="foreignoperations@cititrust-bank.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Reply Soon" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200312151706.hBFH6KYo020831@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr.Wahid Mallam&quot; &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.Wahid Mallam &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr.Wahid Mallam&quot; &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.Wahid Mallam &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-12-15T17:05:45Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-12-15T17:05:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec 15 12:06:51 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200312151706.hBFH6KYo020831@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.Wahid Mallam" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr.Wahid Mallam&quot; &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.Wahid Mallam &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-603" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr.Wahid Mallam &lt;wahidmallam@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200312151706.hBFH6KYo020831@idoldancer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Reply Soon</title>
</head>
<body><p>DR.WAHID MALLAM
CITI TRUST BANK PLC
FAX: 234-1-7592758
E-MAIL: foreignoperations@cititrust-bank.com

ATTN: THE PRESIDENT/CEO

I AM THE DIRECTOR IN CHARGE OF FOREIGN OPERATIONS AND FOREIGN
REMITTANCE DEPARTMENT OF THE CITI TRUST BANK OF NIGERIA PLC. I
AM WRITING FOLLOWING THE IMPRESSIVE INFORMATION ABOUT
YOU THROUGH ONE OF MY FRIENDS WHO RUNS A CONSULTANCY
FIRM. HE ASSURED ME OF YOUR CAPABILITY AND RELIABILITY
TO CHAMPION THIS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

IN MY DEPARTMENT, WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF US$20.5M
(TWENTY MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED
STATES DOLLARS ONLY) IN AN ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE
OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMERS WHO DIED ALONG WITH HIS
ENTIRE FAMILY IN NOVEMBER 2001 IN A PLANE CRASH SINCE
WE GOT INFORMATION ABOUT HIS DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN
EXPECTING HIS NEXT OF KIN TO COME OVER AND CLAIM HIS
MONEY BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE IT UNLESS SOMEBODY
APPLIES FOR IT AS NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE
DECEASED AS INDICATED IN OUR BANKING GUIDELINES.

UNFORTUNATELY WE LEARNT THAT ALL HIS SUPPOSED NEXT
OF KIN OR RELATIONS DIED ALONG WITH HIM AT THE PLANE
CRASH LEAVING NOBODY BEHIND FOR THE CLAIM. IT IS
THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT I AND OTHER
OFFICIALS IN THE DEPARTMENT NOW DECIDED TO MAKE
BUSINESS WITH YOU AND RELEASED THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE
NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION OF THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND
SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT
AND WE DON'T WANT THIS MONEY TO GO DISBURSEMENT
ACCOUNT AS UNCLAIMED BILL. THE BANKING LAW AND
GUIDELINES HERE STIPULATED THAT IF SUCH MONEY REMAINED
UNCLAIMED AFTER FOUR YEARS, THE MONEY WILL BE
TRANSFERRED INTO FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT AS
UNCLAIMED FUND. THE REQUEST OF A FOREIGNER AS NEXT OF
KIN IN THIS BUSINESS IS OCCASIONED BY THE FACT THAT
THE CUSTOMERS WAS A FOREIGNER AND A NIGERIAN CANNOT
STAND AS NEXT OF KIN TO A FOREIGNER.

WE AGREE THAT 30% OF THIS MONEY WILL BE FOR YOU AS
FOREIGN PARTNER AND 10% FOR EXPENSES INCURRED DURING
THE COURSE OF REMITTANCE. THEREAFTER TO THE
PERCENTAGES INDICATED. THEREFORE TO ENABLE THE
IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF THE FUND TO YOU AS ARRANGED. YOU
MUST APPLY FIRST TO THE BANK AS A RELATION OR NEXT OF KIN
OF THE DECEASED INDICATING YOUR BANK ACCOUNT NUMBER
AND LOCATION WHERE THE MONEY WILL BE REMITTED. UPON
RECEIPT OF YOUR REPLY I WILL SEND TO YOU THE TEXT OF
THE APPLICATION. AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS LETTER,
YOU SHOULD CONTACT ME AT ONCE THROUGH MY E-MAIL SECURED
ADDRESS: foreignoperations@cititrust-bank.com

TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM YOU IMMEDIATELY.

YOURS FAITHFULLY,
DR.WAHID MALLAM
HEAD: FOREIGN OPERATIONS.





</p>

</body></html>