<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR. BASIL EZE&quot; &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. BASIL EZE &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="bakko_bakko@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-12-16T03:03:05Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="juliuszebbenus@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="juliuszebbenus@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200312160302.hBG32iEJ026398@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR. BASIL EZE&quot; &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. BASIL EZE &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR. BASIL EZE&quot; &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. BASIL EZE &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-12-16T03:03:05Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-12-16T03:03:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec 15 22:02:58 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200312160302.hBG32iEJ026398@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. BASIL EZE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR. BASIL EZE&quot; &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. BASIL EZE &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-605" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. BASIL EZE &lt;bakko_bakko@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200312160302.hBG32iEJ026398@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>BARRISTER BASIL EZE.
NWOKES CHAMBERS.
SUITE 109 OKON HOUSE MARINA VI
LAGOS-NIGERIA.
E-MAIL: bakko_bakko@yahoo.com

Dear friend,

I am Barrister basil eze personal attorney to Mr.Jeff Baroco, a national
of your country, who used to work with Shell Development Company here
in Nigeria herein after, shall be referred to me as my client. On the
21st of April 2001,my client, his wife and their three children were
involved in a ghastly motor accident along Warri-Sagbama Express road.

Unfortunately, all occupants of the vehicle lost their lives as the
vehicle caught fire after the crash.

Since then I have made several inquiries to your embassy to locate any
of my clients extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful.
After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to track his last
name over the Internet, to locate any member of his family hence I
contacted you.

My purpose of contacting you is to assist in repatriating the money and
property left behind by my client prior to his death before they get
confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge
deposits were lodged particularly, the CITY TRUST BANK where the
deceased had an account valued at about US$12Million dollars. The bank had
issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account
confiscated within the next thirty official working days.

Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2
years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the
deceased since you have the same last name/surname so that the proceeds of
this account valued at US$12 million dollars can be paid to you and
then we can share the money afterwards. I have all the necessary official
and legal documents that can be used to back up the claim we may make.
All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us inseeing this
deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under
legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the
law.

For your sevices you will have 35% of the total sum, while 5% have been
mapped out for the orphanage Homes.

Please get in touch with me by my email address no: bakko_bakko@yahoo.com
Best regards,

BARRISTER BASIL EZE.






</p>

</body></html>