<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt; Million =" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="steveuwa@telstra.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1252 =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1252" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline =" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;1585a6156e7c.156e7c1585a6@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable =" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1585a6156e7c.156e7c1585a6@email.bigpond.com&gt; =" />
<meta name="creator" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt; Million =" />
<meta name="creator" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt; Million =" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en =" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1252 =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;steveuwa@bigpond.com&gt;	by straightnochaser.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id hBH3I7u28687; Tue, 16 Dec 2003 22:18:07 -0500 (EST) id &lt;0HQ000C53RLRO5@mta08bw.email.bigpond.com&gt;; Wed, 17 Dec 2003 13:13:17 +1000 (EST) 17 Dec 2003 13:12:57 +1000 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.14 (built Oct 10 2003) =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Dec 16 22:18:08 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en " />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;steveuwa@bigpond.com&gt; by straightnochaser.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id hBH3I7u28687; Tue, 16 Dec 2003 22:18:07 -0500 (EST) id &lt;0HQ000C53RLRO5@mta08bw.email.bigpond.com&gt;; Wed, 17 Dec 2003 13:13:17 +1000 (EST) 17 Dec 2003 13:12:57 +1000 (EST) =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 =" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="steveuwa" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt; Million =" />
<meta name="Author" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.14 (built Oct 10 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-608" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="steveuwa &lt;steveuwa@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1585a6156e7c.156e7c1585a6@email.bigpond.com&gt; =" />
<title>PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Attn:My dear friend

I am Dr Steve Uwa, the Bank Manager of Diamond Bank of Nigeria, Lagos 
Branch.  I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for 
you.

On June 6, 1999, a FOREIGN Oil Consultant/Contractor with the Nigerian 
National 
Petroleum Corporation, Mr. Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed) 
Deposit 
for 
twelve calendar months, valued at US$25,000,000.00(Twenty- five Million 
Dollars) in my branch.  

Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address 
but got 
no reply.  After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered 
from 
his 
contract employers, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that 
Mr. Barry 
Kelly died from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I 
found out 
that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next 
of kin 
to date has fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Barry 
Kelly did 
not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, 
including his 
Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is 
still 
sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the 
principal 
sum 
at the end of each year.  

No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to Nigerian Law, 
at the 
expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of 
the 
Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, 
my 
proposal is that I will like you as an Foreigner to stand in as the 
next of 
kin 
to Mr. Barry Kelly so that the fruits of this old man’s labor will not 
get 
into 
the hands of some corrupt government  officials.  

This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names, 
address, telephone and fax numers so that the Attorney will prepare the 
necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the 
next of 
kin. We shall employ the service of another Attorney for drafting and 
notarization 
of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of 
probate/administration in your favor for the transfer.

A bank account in any part of the world, which you will provide, will 
then 
facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of 
kin.  
The money will be paid into your nominated account for us to share in 
the 
ratio 
of 60% for me, 35% for you and 5% to cover any accidental expenses on 
either 
sides during the course of this transaction.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will 
be done 
by the Attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the 
successful 
execution of this transaction. Upon your 
response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant 
documents 
that will help you understand the transaction better. 

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this 
transaction 
would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your 
assistance 
to invest my share in your country. Looking forward to hearing from you 
soonest.

Best regards,

Dr Steve Uwa.


PLEASE NOTE, SEND YOUR RESPONSES TO  drsteveuwa@rediffmail.com

----------------
Powered by telstra.com



</p>

</body></html>