<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REQUEST" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REQUEST" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="creator" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Dec 17 17:25:55 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Author" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-610" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="steveuwa2@tiscali.co.uk" />
<title>REQUEST</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR PARTNER

I GUESS THIS LETTER MAY COME TO YOU AS SURPRISE SINCE
I HAD NO PREVIOUS CORRESPONDENCE WITH YOU.
I AM THE CHAIRMAN TENDER BOARD OF INDEPENDENT NATIONAL
ELECTORAL COMMISSION (INEC). I GOT YOUR CONTACT IN  MY
SEARCH FOR A RELIABLE PERSON TO HANDLE A VERY CONFIDENTIAL
TRANSACTION INVOLVING THE TRANSFER OF THE SUM OF
$30,000.000 D0LLARS (THIRTY MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS)

THE ABOVE FUND IS NOT CONNECTED WITH ARMS, DRUGS OR
MONEY LAUNDERING. IT IS THE PRODUCT OF AN OVER INVOICED

CONTRACT AWARDED IN 1999 BY INEC TO A FOREIGN COMPANY FOR
THE SUPPLY OF ELECTORAL MATERIALS THAT WERE USED FOR
CONDUCTING 1999 ELECTION.

THE CONTRACT HAS LONG BEEN EXECUTED AND PAYMENT OF
THE ACTUAL CONTRACT AMOUNT HAS BEEN PAID TO THE
FOREIGN CONTRACTOR LEAVING THE BALANCE OF US30 MILLION DOLLARS
WHICH MY COLLEAGUES AND I NOW WANT TO TRANSFER OUT OF
NIGERIA INTO A RELIABLE FOREIGN ACCOUNT FOR OUR PERSONAL USE.
AS CIVIL SERVANTS WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO RUN FOREIGN ACCOUNTS.

HENCE WE HAVE CHOSEN TO FRONT AND SUPPORT YOU AS THE
BENEFICIARIES TO BE PAID.
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THE PROPOSAL KINDLY GET BACK TO
ME BY SENDING ME YOUR LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE ALONG WITH YOUR
DIRECT TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS, WE HAVE DECIDED TO SHARE
THE MONEY IN THE
FOLLOWING PERCENTAGE, 60% FOR US 30% FOR YOU
THE ACCOUNT OWNER AND 10% FOR ALL LOCAL AND INTERNATIONAL
EXPENSES THAT MAY ARISE IN THE COURSE OF THIS TRANSACTION.
FURTHER DETAILS ABOUT THIS TRANSACTION WILL BE DISCUSSED IN
THE SUBSEQUENT CORRESPONDECE.

THIS TRANSACTION IS STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL BUT 100%
RISK FREE. NOTE ALSO THAT THE PARTICULAR NATURE OF
YOUR BUSINESS IS IRRELEVANT TO THIS TRANSACTION AND THIS
TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE CONCLUDED WITHIN 21 WORKING
DAYS SINCE ALL LOCAL CON
ACTS AND ARRANGEMENTS ARE IN PLACE
FOR A SMOOTH AND SUCCESSFUL CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION.
CONTACT ME VIA EMAIL WITH YOUR CONTACT TELEPHONE AND FAX
NUMBERS, SO THAT I CAN CALL YOU FOR A DISCUSSION.
THANK YOU AS I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE.


SINCERELY,

DR STEVE UWA ,

PLEASE SEND YOUR RESPONSE TO   drsteveuwa@rediffmail.com


</p>

</body></html>