<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MRS.ROSE OBASEKI&quot; &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS.ROSE OBASEKI &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-12-22T15:23:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="roseoba1@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="roseoba1@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="roseoba1@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="roseoba1@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-34198098@mail03.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-34198098@mail03.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MRS.ROSE OBASEKI&quot; &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS.ROSE OBASEKI &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MRS.ROSE OBASEKI&quot; &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS.ROSE OBASEKI &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-12-22T15:23:42Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-12-22T15:23:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Dec 22 10:23:55 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MRS.ROSE OBASEKI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MRS.ROSE OBASEKI&quot; &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS.ROSE OBASEKI &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-612" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRS.ROSE OBASEKI &lt;roseoba1@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-34198098@mail03.infosat.net&gt;" />
<title>URGENT ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mrs.Rose Obaseki
Flat 8 Block 12 NNPC Quarters
Garki Abuja Nigeria.

Dear  Friend,

I presume this letter will come to you as a surprise, but
as
things unfold, we will know each other better. I will start
by
introducing myself to you.

I am Mrs. Rose Obaseki, the wife of Chief Jackson Gracious
Obaseki, the Managing Director, and Chief Executive,
Nigerian National
Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). I am really sure that you
will be of a
good assistance after going thoroughly through this letter.
For many years of marriage now between me and my husband, I
have
not given birth, and this has really troubled my husband.
As a result 
of the respect given to local tradition culture and custom
here in 
Nigeria,my husband has decided to break the marriage. With
the situation of things
with me now, my matrimonial home look bleak. I am been
threatened daily
by my husband to get out from the home. My Husband s
brothers are not
left outin this matter. 


This situation has really affected me psychologically.
As at now, I am no longer Assured of a matrimonial home,
hence I seek
your urgent assistance and help which I know will go a long
way in getting 
me settled finally.

I want to use this opportunity to move the sum of
(US$29.5M) into
your custody for safe keeping, pending my arrival in your
country. This
said amount was given to my husband as gratification from
some Foreign Oil
Companies he helped in getting Allocation for the Drilling
of Crude Oil
in Nigeria.

As a civil servant, he does not want to be exposed, hence
he
gave me this money to keep in my personal account so that
he can be
exonerated from the eyes of government security operatives
and the 
Civil Service Commission (CSC) which is a body that
scrutinizes the activities of all
civil servants in Nigeria as checks and balances for
official
misconduct. Be informed that this money is not connected
with drugs; money laundry,
firearms and looting which I believe will put fears in you
to render the 
required assistance needed from you and consequently
withdrawing your help for
security reasons.

Hence the source of this said money is clean and clear.
This money was deposited in my personalin name, and
there is no way it can be transferred telegraphically under
the banking
procedures which could have been the easiest, but because
of monetary
transfer restriction by the Federal Government of Nigeria,
that is
defeated. Rather I have arranged a diplomat manager to move
this money out in cash to any
destination where it will be easy for you to collect under
diplomatic
immunity.

This he has assured me of. As a soon as I see your response
and
willingness to help as regards to this, I will furnish you
on the next line of
acti onto take, but be rest assured that this transaction
is 100% risk free,
and my husband will not raise any alarm because he will not
like to put
himself, his job and office in jeopardy, and if he does, he
stands the
change of loosing his job.


As soon as this money is moved to you, and you confirm to
me
that you have received it, I will be coming to meet you up
there in 
your country where I wish to live the rest of my life. I
will be offering 
you 25% of this money for all your help at this time of
need, while some
percentages has been  set aside for my Brother to
complement his efforts here. Be
informed that this transaction will not last more than 14
working days
and it will be concluded because every arrangement has been
put in place.
Your negative or positive response will be highly
appreciated.

Yours faithfully,

Mrs. Rose Obaseki


 
___________________________________________
 Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za


</p>

</body></html>