<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="IMPORTANT PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt; the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased.=20" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="870} 763 648313, {870} 763 648314," />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O within 7 to 9 banking days, after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jubeegv@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-04T03:26:16Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative;  &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;In view of this I got your contact through my personal search to s=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jubeegv@fsmail.net you are going to nominate. On this note, I decided to seek for a reliable =" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jubeegv@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jubeegv@fsmail.net you are going to nominate. On this note, I decided to seek for a reliable =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="(870} 763 648315. You should also include" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jubeegv@fsmail.net knows about this account or anything concerning it,the account has no othe=" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_Part_3_2409492.1073186776362" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;29687596.1073186776366.JavaMail.www@wwinf3003&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jubeegv@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="IMPORTANT PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="FIRST TRANSFER OF $6M [Six million] US DOLLAR" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;29687596.1073186776366.JavaMail.www@wwinf3003&gt; can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a =" />
<meta name="creator" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt; the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased.=20" />
<meta name="creator" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt; the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased.=20" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-04T03:26:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative;  &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;In view of this I got your contact through my personal search to s=" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-04T03:26:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan  4 12:04:11 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_Part_3_2409492.1073186776362&quot; charity both in Africa and in your country while the remaining 5% will be =" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 to the government treasury as unclaimed after this long period of domancy.=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="jubeeg venture" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt; the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased.=20" />
<meta name="Author" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-619" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="jubeeg venture &lt;jubeegv@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;29687596.1073186776366.JavaMail.www@wwinf3003&gt; can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a =" />
<title>IMPORTANT PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

Re: FIRST TRANSFER OF $6M [Six million] US DOLLAR

I am jubeeg venture, the operational manager in account management section incharge of credit and foreign bills of one of the prime banks here in South Africa. I am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my bank who perished with his whole families on
25TH JULY,2000 CONCORDE PLANE CRASH [ Flight AF4590 ] with the whole passengers aboard. 

There is an account opened in this bank in 1998 by this great late INDUSTRIALIST who died without a written or oral WILL attatched to the account. Since his death , I personally has watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it,the account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the manager of his company.

The total amount involved is 106,000,000.00 USD.[ One hundred and six million United States Dollar ]. We wish to start the first transfer with $6,000,000.00
[Six million] and upon successful transaction without any disappointment from your side, we shall re-apply for the transfer of the remaining balance to your account.

I have secretly discussed this matter with the general manager of the bank who I must involve in order to have a smooth and a successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate. On this note, I decided to seek for a reliable foreigner who will act as the foreign beneficiary of the fund from the deceased by providing
his/her bank account where the fund will be transferred for immediate investment on any viable project as no one has come up to be the next of kin.

The banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than six years without claim hence the money will be recalled to the government treasury as unclaimed after this long period of domancy. 

In view of this I got your contact through my personal search to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a reliable person who will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her personal account.At the conclussion of the
transfer 65% of the fund will be for me, I will give you 20% of the total transfer sum, 10% for charity both in Africa and in your country while the remaining 5% will be set aside to settle expenses both parties might incure during the transfer process.

Upon the receipt of your reply, I will send to you a detailed information about the transaction. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is 100% risk and trouble free and that you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer
can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days, after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased. 

When you receive this letter. Kindly send me an e-mail or you can call me or fax me VIA: 
TEL:870} 763 648313, {870} 763 648314,
FAX:(870} 763 648315. You should also include
your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe communication.</p>


<p>Reply me through my alternative email box.{,jubeeg1@zwallet.com}

Respectfully yours,</p>


<p>Jubeeg Venture.

</p>


 Freeserve AnyTime - HALF PRICE for the first 3 months - Save £7.50 a month 
<a shape="rect" href="http://www.freeserve.com/anytime">www.freeserve.com/anytime</a></body></html>