<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REQUEST FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Robinson Dike&quot; &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Robinson Dike &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-06T03:50:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za ACCOUNT PROVISION FOR USD45M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REQUEST FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040105184535.3A5F3C2AC@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Robinson Dike&quot; &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Robinson Dike &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Robinson Dike&quot; &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Robinson Dike &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-06T03:50:30Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-06T03:50:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jan  5 13:49:22 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20040105184535.3A5F3C2AC@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Robinson Dike" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Robinson Dike&quot; &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Robinson Dike &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-623" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Robinson Dike &lt;dr.robinson.dike@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040105184535.3A5F3C2AC@krusty.si.UM&gt;" />
<title>REQUEST FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE </title>
</head>
<body><p>OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN
CONTRACT AWARDING COMMITTEE
ECOWAS HEADQUARTERS
LOME,REPUBLIC OF TOGO
00228-9077-231


           ACCOUNT PROVISION FOR USD45M

Greetings!!.

Dear,

Forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as
a surprise and if it might offend you without your
prior consent and writing through this channel.

I am DR Robinson Dike,The Chairman, Contract Awarding
Committee of the ECONOMIC COMMUNITY OF WEST
AFRICAN STATES (ECOWAS) with Headquarters in Lome,
Togo.I got your information in a business directory
from the Internet Website.when I was searching for a
reliable,honest and trustworthy person to entrust this
business with.I was simply inspired and motivated to
pick your contact from the many names and lists in the
directory.

After discussing my view and your profile with my
colleagues,they were very much satisfied and decided
to contact you immediately for this mutual business
relationship.We wish to transfer the sum of
USD45,000,000.00 (Forty-five Million United States
Dollars only.)into your personal or company`s bank
account.

This fund was a residue of the over invoiced contract
bills awarded by us for the supply of ammunitions,
hard/soft wares,phamaceauticals/medical items,light
and heavy duty vehicles, apperals and other
administrative logistics etc for the ECOMOG in
Sierria-Leone and Liberia during the Peace Keeping
Projects.

This DEAL was deliberately hatched out and carefully
protected with all the attendant lope holes sealed
off.As the Chairman of CAC,I have the cooperation and
mandate of the Financial Director and the Secretary of
the Organisation.We arranged and over invoiced the
contract funds supplied by different companies from
different countries during the crisis.

It was our consensus to seek the assistance of a
willing foreigner to provide us with the facilities to
transfer this money out of West Africa.This is borne
out of our beleif in the non-stable and sporous
political nature of this sub-region.

The original contractors have been duely paid by the
(Central Bank of the West African States)through our
bankers-Progress Bank Of Africa Plc Lome Togo. This
balance is suspended in the escrow accounts awaiting
claims by any foreign company of our choice.We intend
to pay out this fund NOW as the organisation is
winding up its activities since the aim of returning
PEACE to the countries and the coast has been
achieved.

Based on the laws and ethics of employment,we as civil
servants working under this organisation, are not
allowed to operate a foreign account.This is the more
reason why we needed your assistance to provide an
account that can sustain this fund for safe keeping
and our future investment with your comprehensive
advise,assistance and partnership in your country.

It is however agreed,as the account owner in this deal
to allow you 30% of the entire sum as compensation,
65% will be held on trust for us while 5% will be used
to defray any incidental charges and cost during the
course of the transaction.

This transaction will be successfully concluded within
10 days if you accord us your unalloyed and due
cooperation if you should provide the following:

YOUR COMPANY`S NAME WITH COMPLETE ADDRESS,TEL
AND FAX NUMBERS.(if available)

YOUR COMPLETE MAILING ADRRESS WITH TELEPHONE AND FAX
NUMBERS.

YOUR COMPLETE BANK PARTICULARS;NAME,ADDRESS,ACCOUNT
NO,SWIFT CODE,TEL/FAX NOS ETC..


Upon the receipt of this informations,the documents
and approval with the texts will be sent to you for
confirmaton and then forwarded to the organisation for
ratification and subsequent payment.

As with the case of all organised (sensitive)and
conspired DEALS,we solicit for your unreserved
confidentiality and utmost secret in this business. We
hope to retire peacefully and lead a honourable
business life afterwards.There are no risks involved.

I await your urgent response.

Yours faithfully,
Dr.Robinson Dike.




</p>

</body></html>