<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 8.54  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.38" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY!!!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?michael_=A0nkomo?= &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="michael  nkomo &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="DEAR_SOMETHING,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,HTML_FONTCOLOR_BLUE,HTML_MESSAGE,MIME_HTML_NO_CHARSET,NIGERIAN_BODY1,PLING_PLING,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html=20" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-06T01:13:46Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 8.54  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.38" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_Part_23006_16104466.1073351626850" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="DEAR_SOMETHING,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,HTML_FONTCOLOR_BLUE,HTML_MESSAGE,MIME_HTML_NO_CHARSET,NIGERIAN_BODY1,PLING_PLING,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;17723756.1073351626853.JavaMail.www@wwinf3003&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY!!!!!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;17723756.1073351626853.JavaMail.www@wwinf3003&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?michael_=A0nkomo?= &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="michael  nkomo &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?michael_=A0nkomo?= &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="michael  nkomo &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-06T01:13:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-06T01:13:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;	for &lt;R@K&gt;; Mon, 5 Jan 2004 20:14:03 -0500" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jan  5 20:14:14 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt; for &lt;R@K&gt;; Mon, 5 Jan 2004 20:14:03 -0500" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="michael  nkomo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="=?iso-8859-1?Q?michael_=A0nkomo?= &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="michael  nkomo &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-626" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="michael  nkomo &lt;nkomo2004_026@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;17723756.1073351626853.JavaMail.www@wwinf3003&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY!!!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir,

How are you and your family today? I hope that you are all okay? I found
information about you and decided to contact you for an important
assistance. I am Michael Nkomo a citizen of Zimbabwe , but i am 
contacting
from a neiboring country here in IVORY CAOST where i am now
sicking political assylum.

I am the only son of Kenneth Nkomo, a wealthy farmer and senior 
politician
with the opposition political party in my country, Movement for 
Democratic
Change [MDC]. My father was murdered by our wicked
President, Robert Mugabe and I fled my country because I have become his
next target to eliminate.

My father was a fighter for Justice and a moving force in the MDC, a 
part
wanting to end the several years of brutal dictatorship government of
President Robert Mugabe. You will read more stories about President
Mugabe's brutal acts by visiting this web sites; 
http://www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html 

My father was accused of Treason and also assisting the White farmers in
fighting the government. Few weeks after his arrest, he was reported 
dead.
The government claimed he died of heart attack and his body was never 
seen
for proper autopsy, they buried him in the government cemetery. My 
father's
associate Mr. Martin Olds a White farmer from Britain assisted me in
fighting my father's death through the
Court and media; the government saw us as a big treat to them and 
decided to
eliminate us. Mr. Olds was attacked and murdered in his house, but
fortunately, before they came looking for me, I received the news and I 
had
to flee through the border to South Africa to save my life. My arrival 
here
in IVORY COAST still remains like a miracle to me.

Here, is my reasons for contacting you, I am having a huge sum of money
in
the total sum of $13.6Million presently lodge with the security company 
in
holland,My father kept this money in in two trunk boxes in disguise as
family treasures and could not bank them,
because of the situation in my country. My father's business, farms and
banks account were seized by the government before his arrest and murder.

He told me everything concerning the funds while he was still in 
detention
and I have made several arrangements concerning the shipment of the 
boxes
out of my country because we cannot invest it there. I
was on the process when I fled the country. I need your assistance in
securing the funds there in your country, so that I can arrange on how 
to
come overto your country to invest with the fund I am willing to offer 
you
30% of the $13.6Million for your assistance.

Please, let me know if you can assist me, so that I can give you more
details on how we shall proceed. As I wait for your urgent response, 
please
treat this information as top secret.

Regards,

Michael Nkomo
Freeserve AnyTime - HALF PRICE for the first 3 months - Save £7.50 a month 
www.freeserve.com/anytime</p>

</body></html>