<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="trust" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;kolapo omidire&quot; &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="kolapo omidire &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-07T10:10:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="trust" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-203045125@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-203045125@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;kolapo omidire&quot; &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="creator" content="kolapo omidire &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;kolapo omidire&quot; &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="kolapo omidire &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-07T10:10:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-07T10:10:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan  7 05:10:21 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt; PLEASE REPLY TO  k_omidire@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="kolapo omidire" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;kolapo omidire&quot; &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="Author" content="kolapo omidire &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-627" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="kolapo omidire &lt;kolapoomidire2@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-203045125@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<title>trust</title>
</head>
<body><p>
     PLEASE REPLY TO  k_omidire@yahoo.com

Good day and a happy and prosperous new year !

I am Kolapo Omidire, company secretary and manager,
internal and external services of COMMERCIAL BANK OF
AFRICA. I am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my
bank who perished with his entire family 
(His wife and only son) in a plane crash (Korean Air Line
801) on August 6, 1997.

Since the demise of this customer of ours , the bank
management of COMMERCIAL BANK OF AFRICA has made valuable
efforts to get in touch with any of the late customer's
Next-of-Kin or relative anywhere in the world but 
unfortunately, all our efforts did not yield any positive
results as no one has come to claim his funds to the tune
of Twenty one million, five hundred thousand united states
dollars(USD21.5m) which has been with my bank all these
while.

Recently, the Federal Government of Nigeria directed that
all funds not claimed (which has exceeded the stipulated
banking period of seven years for such money) should be
confiscated to the Federal Government Treasury Because
the banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay
more than seven years.This means that this money will be
recalled to the federal Government treasury as unclaimed
after this period, precisely within this first quater 
of this year.

On this note, the chairman of the board of directors of the
bank recently called me and told me in confidence and trust
to source for a reliable foreigner who would stand as our
foreign customer's next of kin. We (myself
and the chairman) have reasoned that if we fail to collect
this money the Nigerian government will confisticate it and
someone else will end up looting it. Thats's why we have
decided to contact you, hoping you will prove to
be a reliable foreigner to stand as next of Kin to the
deceased customer to claim the total fund from his account
with the bank so that the proceeds of his account can be
paid to you.

Be assured that this transaction is risk free and we will
do all possible to give it the legal and legitimate backing
it requirs so that both parties will be protected from
breach of the law both locally and internationally.

Upon receipt of your response, I shall furnish you with the
next step to take on how you shall prosecute this claim to
your account. The entire transaction should be completed
within 10 official working days from
the day the bank receives your initial application.

When you receive this letter, Kindly send me an e-mail
signifying Your acceptance or otherwise, include your
private Telephone numbers for more explanation
and confidential communication.

Waiting to hear from you soon,
Best Regards,
K. Omidire.   PLEASE REPLY TO  k_omidire@yahoo.com
___________________________________________
 Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za


</p>

</body></html>