<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD  DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="00229601483. " />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nze_moore@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-08T02:22:46Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nze_moore@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nze_moore@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="nze_moore@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="nze_moore@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;23902352.1073528566115.JavaMail.www@wwinf4006&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="nze_moore@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD  DAY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-(http" content="//www.cnn.com/US/9911/02/egyptair990.list/)hence the " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;23902352.1073528566115.JavaMail.www@wwinf4006&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-08T02:22:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-08T02:22:46Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan  7 21:22:55 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="nze_moore" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-631" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="nze_moore &lt;nze_moore@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;23902352.1073528566115.JavaMail.www@wwinf4006&gt;" />
<title>GOOD  DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn my friend, 

With due respect and huminity I propose this to you. I 
wrote to you last 
time no response and I decided to write you again. 

I am Mr.Nze Moore from Arab Bank Plc,Benin Rep. During the 
course of our 
auditing we discovered the sum of (USD$9.7m) floating in an 
account opened 
in this Bank since 1996 and as from 1999 nobody has 
operated on this account 
again, and after going through some old files in the 
records I discovered 
that the owner of the account died without a [HEIRE] on oct 
31 1999 by 
plane crash, Egyptair flight 990, 
(http://www.cnn.com/US/9911/02/egyptair990.list/)hence the 
money is 
floating. 
After due verification I noticed that no other person knows 
about this 
account except his wife who 
was also invovled in the crash, and the account has no 
other beneficiary and 
my investigation proved to me as well that until his death 
he was the 
Director GOLD ARK [SARL] 

Since our Bank Arab Bank Plc Benin rep. got information 
about his death, we 
have been expecting his next of kin to come forward and 
claim his money 
because we cannot release it unless somebody 
applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased 
as indicated in 
our banking guidelines and policies but up to date nobody 
came up to this 
bank as his next of kin or relative. It is therefore upon 
this discovery 
that I and other officials in my department now decided to 
make this 
businness proposal to you and release the money to you as 
the next of kin or 
relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent 
disbursement since nobody 
is coming forth and we don't want this money to go into the 
Bank treasury as 
unclaimed Bill. 

On this note, I decided to seek for whom his name shall be 
used as the next 
of kin as no one has come up as his relation. And the 
country law here does 
not allow such money to stay more than Five years, for the 
money will be 
recalled to the government treasury as unclaimed after this 
period. 
Upon the receipt of your response, I will send to you the 
application form, 
bank's contact and the next step to take. I will not fail 
to bring to your 
notice that this business is hitch free and that you should 
not 
entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can 
be finalized 
within five banking days, after you apply to the bank as a 
relation to the 
deceased. 

When you receive this letter, kindly send me an e-mail 
signifying your 
decision.Including your private 
Tel/Fax numbers for quick communication. I will be very 
happy if you can 
treat this business with the 
utmost secrecy it demands because of my position in this 
bank. 
Hoping for a very successful business relationship with 
you. 
Respectfully submitted, 

Mr Nze Moore. ALTHENTIVE EMAIL.nze_moore@wp.pl. 
Tel:00229601483. 


------------------------------------------

Faites un voeu et puis Voila ! www.voila.fr 



</p>

</body></html>