<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Consignment To Benefit you too" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR JOHN MENSAH&quot; &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR JOHN MENSAH &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="johnmensah@past.cz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-09T23:38:33Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="john_mensah@adres.nl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="john_mensah@adres.nl" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Consignment To Benefit you too" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200401092342.i09Nftl02942@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR JOHN MENSAH&quot; &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR JOHN MENSAH &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR JOHN MENSAH&quot; &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR JOHN MENSAH &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-09T23:38:33Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-09T23:38:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan  9 18:42:05 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200401092342.i09Nftl02942@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR JOHN MENSAH" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR JOHN MENSAH&quot; &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR JOHN MENSAH &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-636" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR JOHN MENSAH &lt;johnmensah@past.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200401092342.i09Nftl02942@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Consignment To Benefit you too</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,

My name is Barrister John Mensah, 41 years Ghanaian
married with Five Children. I work as an
administrative Secretary/Attorney with GLOBAL
SECURITY COMPANY (ltd) Accra Ghana. I joined the
services of this company in 1991.

I got the information concerning you and your company
from our Chamber of Commerce here and after due
consultation, I decided to contact you believing that
by the grace of God that you will be my
partner in this business. I have worked with this
company for over 12 years, within this period of time
I watched with meticulous precision on
how African Head of State and government functionaries
have been moving huge sums of money (Dollars, Pound
Sterling, French Franc, Cash)with the aid of their
foreign partners abroad.

They bring in these consignment of money cash and
secretly declare the content as jewelries, Gold,
Precious Stones, Family Treasure, Documents,etc.
Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire, Fodey Sankoy of Sierra
Leone, FelixHouphet Buigny of Ivory Coast, Konnan Bede
of Ivory Coast, etc.

These people have at one time or the other
depositedconsignments withus and their foreign
partners, relatives and Next of Kin are Claiming most
of these consignment and a lot more are laying here
unclaimed for as much as 7 years, as no available
information to anybody except the depositors, and most
of them are dead. Since the inception of the year
2003, GLOBAL SECURITY COMPANY LTD Management changed
the procedure of claiming of consignments.

As soon as you are able to produce all the secret
information as contained in the secret file of the
company as regard the consignment, it will be released
to you upon demand. From our records, more
than 10 consignments belonging to these people has
been claimed in the past six months and this is why I
am seeking for your co-operation and assistance.

Mr. Francis Carden is a Zimbabwean, and he work with
one of the top ministers of President Robert Mugabe
who was in charge of the campaigning for re-electing
Mr. Mugabe into office in their last election. He
deposited this consignment in 1999 after absconding
with the money 35.5 million United State Dollars
($35.5m USD).

Unfortunately, Mr. Francis Carden died in Kenyan
aircraft that killed all on board in 2000.

Since his death, no one knows about this transaction
with Global Security Company Ltd except me who acted
as company attorney when he deposited the consignment.
I have finished every arrangement for you to come and
claim the consignment as the next of Kin to Mr.
Francis Carden.

The procedure is very simple: - Apply officially to
the Director of operation Global security company pty
Accra - Ghana, for the release of consignment
No.GSS/15031964.

They will demand for some documents and the security
code of the consignment, you will call on me to supply
you with every detailed Information as regard the
consignment.
As soon as they have confirmed it to be correct, the
company will invite you for the collection.

Nobody will ever know that I am involved in the deal
, I suggest upon conclusion, we share it on the Ratio
of 50%-40%and 10% will go for humanitarian service ie
motherless babies home, more also you will make an
arrangement on investments that I will invest my money
in your country.

I assure you that this business is very secure and
risk free.

Please, if you are not interested on this proposal,
kindly let me know.

Thanks

Barrister John Mensah



</p>

</body></html>