<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 16.454  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.38" />
<meta name="subject" content="Reply" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Zakir Mehmood&quot; &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Zakir Mehmood &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,MIME_MISSING_BOUNDARY,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,REPLY_TO_ULINE_NUMS,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mood_zakir22@primposta.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-10T06:03:50Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;bbd.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 16.454  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="attachment; filename=&quot;bbd.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.38" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mood_zakir22@primposta.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="===_LikeYe_888_2fucwnhkvjuigj" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,MIME_MISSING_BOUNDARY,MIME_QP_LONG_LINE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,REPLY_TO_ULINE_NUMS,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mood_zakir22@primposta.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Reply" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200401100604.i0A64HOb010382@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Zakir Mehmood&quot; &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Zakir Mehmood &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Zakir Mehmood&quot; &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Zakir Mehmood &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-10T06:03:50Z" />
<meta name="format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;bbd.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-10T06:03:50Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.7000" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jan 10 01:04:41 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200401100604.i0A64HOb010382@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Zakir Mehmood" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Zakir Mehmood&quot; &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Zakir Mehmood &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.7000" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-637" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Zakir Mehmood &lt;mood_zakir22@primposta.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200401100604.i0A64HOb010382@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Reply</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Mr. Zakir Mehmood
Soneri Bank Limited
Silver Jubilee Center,
Britto Road, Garden East,
Karachi,pakistan



Dear Sir/Madam,

I am Zakir Mehmood official of Soneri Bank Limited .This is an urgent and very confidential business proposition.

On June 6, 2000,a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the pakistan
Asian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Mr.kassim Hassan made a numbered time(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at US$26,500,000.00,(Twenty-six Million, five hundred thousand Dollars) in my branch.

Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address,but got no reply. After a month,we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, the National Petroleum Corporation that  Mr.kassim Hassan died from an automobile accident.On further investigation,I found out that he died without making a WILL,and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered that   Mr.kassim Hassan
did not declare any kin or relations in all his official
documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$26,500,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safe keeping.

No one will ever come forward to claim it.
According to Asian Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years,
the money will revert to the ownership of the Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a Foreigner to
stand in as the owner of the money which was fixed deposited in my bank. I am writing you because I as a public servant,i cannot operate a foreign account.

I want to present you as the owner of the funds so you can be able to claim them with the help of my attorney.This is simple.I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the beneficiary of the funds.

The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 80% for
me and 20% for you. The paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.

If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email and Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in real estate within your country.

Due to the nature of confidentiality in this Transaction our
communication can only be via email and fax mostly.


Thanks and my regards.

Zakir Mehmood.

Soneri Bank Limited
</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p />
</div>
</body></html>