<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Honest Appeal" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt; CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL ownership to the consignment and more importantly a concrete arrangement f=" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO given directives for the consignment to be brought to the Netherlands from=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+31 629 315 463 without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything w=" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-13T14:41:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="georgenduumba@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ; have similar political history. As a businessman, I am seeking for a partn=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="georgenduumba@fsmail.net foreign assistance with regards my late father money. My name is Laurent N=" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_Part_18134_31113026.1074004880365" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;4363876.1074004880368.JavaMail.www@wwinf3002&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="georgenduumba@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Honest Appeal" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable willing to give you 15% of the money while the remaining 80% will be for m=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;4363876.1074004880368.JavaMail.www@wwinf3002&gt; =20 But before then all modalities will have to be put in place like change of=" />
<meta name="creator" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt; CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL ownership to the consignment and more importantly a concrete arrangement f=" />
<meta name="creator" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt; CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL ownership to the consignment and more importantly a concrete arrangement f=" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-13T14:41:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-13T14:41:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 13 09:41:32 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_Part_18134_31113026.1074004880365&quot; seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transa=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 the victims. . It is against this background that, I and my family fled Zi=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="George Nduumba" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt; CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL ownership to the consignment and more importantly a concrete arrangement f=" />
<meta name="Author" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-641" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="George Nduumba &lt;georgenduumba@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;4363876.1074004880368.JavaMail.www@wwinf3002&gt; =20 But before then all modalities will have to be put in place like change of=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-=3d'color" content="#0000FF; font-family:arial; font-size:10pt;' TARGET=3D'_blank'&gt;ww=" />
<title>Honest Appeal</title>
</head>
<body>
George Nduumba,
Amsterdam, The Nederlands. 
Tel: +31 629 315 463

      

                     CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PROPOSAL

You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally.I got your contact through network online hence decided to write you. I should have notified you about it at least for the sake of your integrity. Please accept my apology. The purpose of my letter is to seek for foreign assistance with regards my late father money. My name is Laurent Nkono, the first son of  Nkono Banjul ,one of the most popular black farmer in Zimbabwe who was recently murdered in the land dispute in my country.

This land problem came when Zimbabwean President Mr. Robert Mugabe introduced a new Land Act Reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and some few black farmers, and this resulted to the killing and mob action by Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society. In fact a lot of people were killed because of this Land reform Act for which my father was one of the victims. . It is against this background that, I and my family fled Zimbabwe for fear of our lives and are currently staying in the Netherlands where we are seeking political asylum.

Before the death of my father, he had taken me to Johannesburg to deposit the sum of US8.5 million (Eight million, Five Hundred thousand United States dollars), in one of the private security company, as he foresaw the looming danger in Zimbabwe this money was deposited in a box as gem stones to avoid much demurrage from security company. This amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the Farms and establishment of new farms in Swaziland. 
Now the family have decided to transfer my father's money to a more reliable foreign account. since the law of Netherlands prohibits a refugee (asylum seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction throughout the territorial zone of Netherlands, As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything we have got. The South African government seems to be playing along with them hence I am faced with the dilemma of moving this amount of money out of South Africa for fear of going through the same experience in future and as you are aware both countries have similar political history. As a businessman, I am seeking for a partner who I have to entrust my future and that of my family in his hands, I must let you know that this transaction is risk free. Due to my current status in the Netherlands My lawyers shall work on my behalf to complete this transaction with you.
 
If you accept to assist me and my family, all I want you to do for me, is to make an arrangements with the security company to clear the consignment(funds) from their affiliate office here in the Netherlands as I have already given directives for the consignment to be brought to the Netherlands from South Africa. But before then all modalities will have to be put in place like change of ownership to the consignment and more importantly a concrete arrangement for the investment of part of the funds thereafter the clearance from the Security Company. 
I have two options for you. Firstly you can choose to have your percentage of the money immediately after the funds hit your account, or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country. Whichever the option you want, it is opened for negotiation. 
I have also mapped out 5% of this money for all kinds of expenses incurred in the process of this transaction. If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 15% of the money while the remaining 80% will be for my investment in your country. Please contact me as soon a possible via the above email address,  while I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction.


Thanks, GOD BLESS YOU 

Yours Faithfully, 
George Nduumba. 

 

 


 Freeserve AnyTime - HALF PRICE for the first 3 months - Save £7.50 a month 
<a shape="rect" href="http://www.freeserve.com/anytime">www.freeserve.com/anytime</a></body></html>