<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FEEDBACK" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;frank damas&quot; &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="frank damas &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="873-763619434" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="frankdamas34@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-14T00:37:51Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-(re" content="TRANSFER OF ($ 134,000.000.00 USD " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="frankdamas34@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="frankdamas34@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="frankdamas34@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="873-763619436" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FEEDBACK" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-207063327@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-207063327@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;frank damas&quot; &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="frank damas &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;frank damas&quot; &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="frank damas &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-14T00:37:51Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-14T00:37:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 13 19:38:06 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt; Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="frank damas" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;frank damas&quot; &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="frank damas &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-644" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="frank damas &lt;frankdamas34@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-207063327@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<title>FEEDBACK</title>
</head>
<body><p>5/6 SUNNY ROAD 
GLENHAZEL JO, BORG
2162 SOUTH AFRICA

TEL:873-763619434
FAX:873-763619436


{URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)

(RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 134,000.000.00 USD 
ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY FOUR MILLION DOLLARS ) 

Dear,

We want to transfer to overseas ($ 134,000.000.00 USD) One
hundred and Thirty four million United States Dollars) from
National Credit Bank (NCB) of South Africa, I want to ask
you to quietly look for a reliable and honest person who
will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank
account or to set up a new Bank a/c immediately to receive
this money, even an empty a/c can serve to receive this
money, as long as you will remain honest to me till the end
for this important business trusting in you and believing
in God that you will never let me down either now or in
future.

I am MR FRANK DAMAS , the Auditor General in Natinal Credit
Bank (NCB) of South Africa, during the course of our
auditing I discovered a floating fund in an account opened
in the bank in 1993 and since 1999 nobody has operated on
this account again, after going through some old files in
the records I discovered that the owner of the account died
without a [heir] hence the money is floating and if I do
not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for
nothing. The owner of this account is Mr. Reed H.Huish, a
foreigner, and a sailor, and he died, since 1999. And no
other person knows about this account or any thing
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me as well that Reed H.Huish until
his death was the Reed H.Huish Coy.(pty). SA. 

We will start the first transfer with Thirty four million
[$34,000.000.00] upon successful transaction without any
disappoint from your side, we shall re-apply for the
payment of the remaining rest amount of($ 100,000.000.00
USD) to your account.

The amount involved is ($ 134,000.000.00 USD) One hundred
and thirty four million United States Dollars, only I want
to first transfer $34,000.000.00 [thirty four million
United States Dollar ]from this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad before the rest, but I don't know
any foreigner, I am only contacting you as a foreigner
because this money can not be approved to a local person
here, without valid international foreign passport, but can
only be approved to any foreigner with valid international
passport or drivers license and foreign a/c because the
money is in us dollars and the former owner of the a/c Mr.
Reed H.Huish is a foreigner too, and the money can only be
approved into a foreign a/c.

However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind us
together I got your contact address from the Girl who
operates computer, I am revealing this to you with believe
in God that you will never let me down in this business,
you are the first and the only person that I am contacting
for this business, so please reply urgently so that I will
inform you the next step to take urgently. Send also your
private telephone and fax number including the full details
of the account to be used for the deposit.

I need your full co-operation to make this work
fine.Because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information of
this account,which I will give to you, upon your positive
response and once I am convinced that you are capable and
will meet up with instruction of a key bank official who is
deeply involved with me in this business. I need your
strong assurance that you will never, never let me down.

With my influence and the position of the bank official we
can transfer this money to any foreigner's reliable
account, which you can provide with assurance that this
money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your
country for sharing. The bank official will destroy all
documents of transaction immediately we receive this money
leaving no trace to any place and to build confidence you
can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after
which I will make this remittance in your presence and
three of us will fly to your country at least two days
ahead of the money going into the account.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I
hear from you that you are ready to act and receive this
fund in your account. I will use my position and influence
to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this
money to your account with appropriate clearance from the
relevant ministries and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35%
of the total amount, 60% will be for me, while 5% will be
for expenses both parties might have incurred during the
process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest reply to phone and fax
number above or[frankdamas@webmail.co.za]


Regards,

MR FRANK DAMAS

___________________________________________
 Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za


</p>

</body></html>