<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="SOLICITATION" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;blessed ogbe&quot; &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="blessed ogbe &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="234-803-302-5573" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="blog333@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-14T18:16:05Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="paubel@UM " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="paubel@UM" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot; " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="paubel@UM " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="234-9-272-2046" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="blog333ng@mail.az or through the below fax.You can" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SOLICITATION" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-207812442@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-207812442@mail01.infosat.net&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;blessed ogbe&quot; &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="blessed ogbe &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;blessed ogbe&quot; &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="blessed ogbe &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-14T18:16:05Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-14T18:16:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt;	by fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id i0EIGg511418; Wed, 14 Jan 2004 13:16:42 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8 " />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="The President/CEO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-position" content="Operation Director," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 14 13:17:02 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt; by fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM (3.8u) with ESMTP id i0EIGg511418; Wed, 14 Jan 2004 13:16:42 -0500 (EST) I crave your indulgence as I contact you in such" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="blessed ogbe" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;blessed ogbe&quot; &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="blessed ogbe &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-647" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="blessed ogbe &lt;blog333@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-207812442@mail01.infosat.net&gt; " />
<title>SOLICITATION</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn:The President/CEO

           I crave your indulgence as I contact you in such
a surprising manner. But I respectfully insist you read
this letter carefully as I am optimistic it will open doors
for unimaginable financial reward for both of us. 

This business transaction might not fall within the wide
spectrum of your business activities, but I plead your
assistance, as your flair for profitable business is
needed.
Permit me to introduce myself,I am Dr Blessed Ogbe the
Banking officer to Engr.Johnson Creek  who was a major
contractor to oil companies,.On the 21st of April 2000,my
lient, his wife and their three children were involved in a
car accident along Sagamu / Lagos Express Road.
Unfortunately they All lost their lives in the event of the
accident.

Since then I have made several enquiries to your Embassy to
locate any of my clients extended relatives, this has also
proved unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful
attempts, I decided to trace his relatives over the
Internet to locate any member of his family but of no
avail, hence I contacted you.I contacted you to assist in
repartrating the money and property left behind by my
client before they get confiscated or declared
unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were
lodged. Particularly,the Bank where the deceased had an
account valued at about US$15.2M (Fifteen  Million Two
Hundred Thousand United Stated Dollars). 
 
Conseqently, the bank issued me a notice to provide the
next of kin or have the account confiscated. Since I have
been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over 2
years now. I seek your consent to present you as the next
of kin of the deceased since you are from the same country
so that the proceeds of this account valued at
US$15.2million can be paid to you and then you and me can
share the money. 60% to me and 40%
to you.
 
I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to
back up any claim we may make. All I require is your honest
co-operation to enable us see this deal through. I
guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the
law. 
 
Kindly email your  following confidential information to me
urgently to enable us proceed:
 
a.Your complete names
b.Your private telephone number
c.Your private fax number
d.Your private email address
 
Please direct your reply to my confidential
email:blog333ng@mail.az or through the below fax.You can
also reach me through my private telephone number  stated
below for any enquiries.
 
Upon the receipt of your information,I will advise you on
the modalities of the transaction.We have concluded details
on how to achieve success.
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
Dr.Blessed Ogbe
Position: Operation Director,
Pacific International Bank Plc,
40,Marina Rd,Lagos,Nigeria.
Tel: 234-803-302-5573
Fax:234-9-272-2046
___________________________________________
 Look Good, Feel Good www.healthiest.co.za


</p>

</body></html>