<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK&quot; &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="drwilldrick25@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-17T02:32:41Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="drwilldrick10@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="drwilldrick10@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200401170232.i0H2WE0f024664@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK&quot; &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK&quot; &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-17T02:32:41Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-17T02:32:41Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 16 21:32:50 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200401170232.i0H2WE0f024664@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK&quot; &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-650" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR WILLIAMS FREDRICK &lt;drwilldrick25@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200401170232.i0H2WE0f024664@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>DR.FRED WILLIAMS
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
ECOBANK LOME,
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF TOGO
Dear,
I am Dr FRED WILLIAMS ,the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign
remittance department
of ECOBANK.As a matter of facts, I got your address in
LOME
chamber of commerce during one of my research work in the state library
to see if I could get a capable hand to assist me in this proposal.
However, in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of $ 30 m US
dollars
(Thirty Millon US dollars) . In an account that belongs to one of our
foreign customer Engr. Lee Yung who died along with his entire family in
a concord plane
crash in the year 2000 in paris that almost took the whole life of the
pasengeres on board.Engr. Lee Yung was a contractor with the Federal
Republic of Togo, he supplied and installed equipment to some construction
companies in the country.
Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next
of
kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless
somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as
indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we learnt that all
his
supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash
leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery
that I and other officials in my department now decided to make this
businness proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin
or
relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody
is coming for it and we don;t want this money to go into the Bank
treasury as unclaimed Bill.
The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained
unclamed after three years, the money will be transfered into the Bank
treasury account as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of
kin
in this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner
and an indigene of Togo cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner.
We agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as foreign partner, in
respect to the provision of a foreign account, 10 % will be set aside for
expenses incured during the business and 60 % would be for ;me and my
colleagues. There after I and my colleagues will visit your country for
disbursement accoding to the percentages indicated. Therefore to enable
the
immediate transfer of this fund to you as arranged, you must apply first
to
the bank as relations or next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank
name, your bank account number, your private telephone and fax number for
easy and effective communication and location where in the money will be
remitted .
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text
of
the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this
transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of
fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer .
You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter.
Trusting to hear from you immediately.
Your;s faithfully,
DR. FRED WILLIAMS
(Bill and exchange manager)
ECOBANK.
N.B.My intention of writing you through email is because I belive it is
very
confidential.




</p>

</body></html>