<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-tml&quot;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;http" content="//www.geocities.com/capitolhill/5260/passlist.html&lt;/STRON=" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONTACT ME IMMEDIATLEY." />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.geocities.com/capitolhill/5260/passlist.html" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt; share in the=20" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O and my &lt;BR&gt;position as the head of bills and exchange guarantees the succe=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrramatu@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-19T06:04:45Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative;  numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for Twenty Four calendar months, valued at &lt;=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrramatu@fsmail.net customers who likes confidentiality in their financial dealings.I have int=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrramatu@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mrramatu@fsmail.net customers who likes confidentiality in their financial dealings.I have int=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mrramatu@fsmail.net PLC(U.B.A.).I have a confidential business proposition for you. Our Bank i=" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="----=_Part_1006_26074184.1074492285978" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;7943478.1074492285981.JavaMail.www@wwinf3006&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mrramatu@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONTACT ME IMMEDIATLEY." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;7943478.1074492285981.JavaMail.www@wwinf3006&gt; assistance." />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt; share in the=20" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt; share in the=20" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-19T06:04:45Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative;  numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for Twenty Four calendar months, valued at &lt;=" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="usmanramat1@web-mail.com.ar" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-19T06:04:45Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-000;font-family" content="arial; font-size:10pt;'&gt;Freeserve AnyTime - HALF PRICE for =" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jan 19 01:04:53 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt; boundary=&quot;----=_Part_1006_26074184.1074492285978&quot; to &lt;BR&gt;stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Dixit Shanti.&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 &lt;BR&gt;Petrogas Gas Systems BV Environmental Systems, Mr. Dixit Shanti made a=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr Usman Ramat" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt; share in the=20" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-653" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr Usman Ramat &lt;mrramatu@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;7943478.1074492285981.JavaMail.www@wwinf3006&gt; assistance." />
<title>CONTACT ME IMMEDIATLEY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello,</p>


<p>I am Mr. Usman Ramat Shehu, Manager with UNITED BANK FOR AFRICAN PLC(U.B.A.).I have a confidential business proposition for you. Our Bank is a 
financial institution specialising in private banking to individual customers who likes confidentiality in their financial dealings.I have intrest of investing in your company as such i would like to make contact with you for assistance.</p>


<p>On January 13,1987 an Indian-American mining consultant with the 
Petrogas Gas Systems BV Environmental Systems, Mr. Dixit Shanti made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for Twenty Four calendar months, valued at 
US$49,500,000.00 (Forty Nine million, Five Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars) in the Bank. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but 
got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from
his contract employers, that Mr. Dixit Shanti died in the 1988 Lockerbie 
flight Pan Am 103 plane crash. On further investigation, I found out that he 
died intestate (without making a WILL), and all attempts to trace his 
next-of-kin had been fruitless.Please see
<a shape="rect" href="http://www.geocities.com/capitolhill/5260/passlist.html">http://www.geocities.com/capitolhill/5260/passlist.html</a></p>


<p>I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Dixit 
Shanti did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents with
us, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of
US$49,500,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.</p>


<p>Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to 
stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Dixit Shanti.</p>


<p>This is simple, I will like you to provide your full names and home or
office including your telephone and fax numbers so that I can seek the
services of a lawyer/Attorney to prepare the necessary documents and
court affidavits which will put you in good standing as the 
next-of-kin.</p>


<p>A bank account in any part of the world which you will provide later 
will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the 
beneficiary/next of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the 
ratio of 80% for me and 20% for you.</p>


<p>Be informed that in other to provide more legality and legitimacy to 
this project, the paperworks for this will be done by the Attorney and my 
position as the head of bills and exchange guarantees the successful execution 
of this transaction. If you are interested, please
revert back to me.</p>


<p>Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall 
require your assistance to invest my share in your country.If you are capable and intrested to do this business with me you reply me in this my email address: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:usmanramat1@web-mail.com.ar">usmanramat1@web-mail.com.ar</a></p>


<p>Thanks and regards.</p>


<p>Mr. Usman Ramat Shehu</p>


 Freeserve AnyTime - HALF PRICE for the first 3 months - Save £7.50 a month 
<a shape="rect" href="http://www.freeserve.com/anytime">www.freeserve.com/anytime</a></body></html>