<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="A RELIABLE AND REPUTABLE PERSON " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="MboxParser-name" content="DR. OLUSEGUN SMITH" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-01-15T19:58:04Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1042660684.3e25bd4cc2946@mailservice.ms&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="A RELIABLE AND REPUTABLE PERSON " />
<meta name="MboxParser-nb" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.1" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1042660684.3e25bd4cc2946@mailservice.ms&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="creator" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-01-15T19:58:04Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-01-15T19:58:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;olu@mailservice.ms&gt;	by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h0GL0jI18835; Thu, 16 Jan 2003 16:00:45 -0500 (EST)	as user olu@mailservice.ms@mail.writemeback.com by mailservice.ms with HTTP;	Wed, 15 Jan 2003 14:58:04 -0500" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan 16 16:00:48 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;olu@mailservice.ms&gt; by deadpool.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h0GL0jI18835; Thu, 16 Jan 2003 16:00:45 -0500 (EST) as user olu@mailservice.ms@mail.writemeback.com by mailservice.ms with HTTP; Wed, 15 Jan 2003 14:58:04 -0500 REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE: _STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="Author" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-66" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="olu@mailservice.ms" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1042660684.3e25bd4cc2946@mailservice.ms&gt; " />
<title>A RELIABLE AND REPUTABLE PERSON </title>
</head>
<body><p>

NAME:DR. OLUSEGUN SMITH
dr.olusegun.smith@caramail.com


     REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE: _STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

 
  I AM DR. OLUSEGUN SMITH, THE CHAIRMAN OF CONTRACT 
AWARD AND REVIEW COMMITTEE SET UP BY THE FEDERAL 
GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA UNDER THE NEW CIVILIAN 
DISPENSATION TO AWARD NEW CONTRACTS AND REVIEW 
EXISTING ONES. I CAME TO KNOW OF YOU IN MY SEARCH FOR 
A RELIABLE AND REPUTABLE PERSON TO HANDLE A VERY 
CONFIDENTIAL TRANSACTION, WHICH INVOLVES THE TRANSFER 
OF A HUGE SUM OF MONEY TO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT. 
THERE WERE SERIES OF CONTRACTS EXECUTED BY A 
CONSORTIUM OF MULTI-NATIONALS IN THE OIL INDUSTRY IN 
FAVOUR OF N.N.P.C. THE ORIGINAL VALUE OF THESE 
CONTRACTS WERE DELIBRATELY OVER INVOICED TO THE SUM 
OF USD$25,000,000.00 (TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATE
DOLLARS). THIS AMOUNT HAS NOW BEEN APPROVED AND IS 
NOW READY TO BE TRANSFERED BEING THAT THE COMPANIES 
THAT ACTUALLY EXECUTED THESE CONTRACTS HAVE BEEN FULLY
PAID AND THE PROJECTS OFFICIALLY COMMISSIONED. 
CONSEQUENTLY, MY COLLEAGUES AND I ARE WILLING TO 
TRANSFER THE TOTAL AMOUNT TO YOUR ACCOUNT FOR 
SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENT, SINCE WE AS CIVIL SERVANTS 
ARE PROHIBITED BY THE CODE OF CONDUCT BUREAU (CIVIL 
SERVICE LAW) FROM OPERATING AND/OR OPENING FOREIGN 
ACCOUNTS IN OUR NAMES. NEEDLESS TO SAY, THE TRUST 
REPOSED ON YOU AT THIS JUNCTURE IS ENORMOUS, IN 
RETURN, WE HAVE AGREED TO OFFER YOU 30% OF THE 
TRANSFERED SUM, WHILE 10% SHALL BE SET ASIDE FOR 
INCIDENTAL EXPENSES (INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL) BETWEEN 
BOTH PARTIES IN THE COURSE OF THE TRANSACTION YOU WILL
BE MANDATED TO REMIT THE BALANCE TO OTHER ACCOUNTS IN 
DUE COURSE. 
MODALITIES HAVE BEEN WORKED OUT AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL 
OF THE MINISTRY OF FINANCE AND THE CENTRAL BANK OF 
NIGERIA FOR THE IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF THE FUNDS WITHIN
10 WORKING DAYS SUBJECT TO YOUR SATISFACTION OF THE 
ABOVE STATED TERMS. OUR ASSURANCE IS THAT YOUR ROLE IS
RISK FREE.TO ACCORD THIS TRANSACTION THE LEGALITY IT 
DESERVES AND FOR MUTUAL SECURITY OF THE FUNDS THE 
WHOLE APPROVAL PROCEDURES WILL OFFICIALLY AND LEGALLY 
PROCESSED WITH YOUR NAME OR THE NAME OF ANY COMPANY 
YOU MAY NOMINATE AS THE BONEFIDE BENEFICIARY. 
ONCE MORE I WANT YOU TO UNDERSTAND THAT HAVING PUT IN 
OVER TWENTY FIVE YEARS IN THE CIVIL SERVICE OF MY 
COUNTRY, I AM AVERSE TO HAVING MY IMAGE AND CAREER 
DENTED. THIS MATTER SHOULD THEREFORE BE TREATED WITH 
UTMOST SECRECY AND URGENCY IT DESERVES.AND I WILL LIKE
YOU TO SEND ME YOUR MAIL TO MY PRAIVTE BOX 
dr.olusegun.smith@caramail.com
I WANT TO ASSURE YOU THAT THIS BUSINESS PROPOSAL IS 
100% RISK FREE AS WE HAVE DONE OUR HOME WORK PROPERLY 
I QUITE BELIEVE THAT YOU WILL PROTECT OUR INTEREST BY 
TAKING THIS DEAL STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL, AS WE ARE 
STILL IN GOVERNMENT SERVICE, WHICH WE INTEND TO RETIRE
FROM.KINDLY EXPEDITE ACTION AS WE ARE BEHIND SCHEDULE 
TO ENABLE US INCLUDE THIS TRANSFER IN THE SECOND BATCH
WHICH WOULD CONSTITUTE THE FIRST QUARTER PAYMENTS FOR
THE 2003 FINANCIAL YEAR. THANKS AND GOD BLESS. 

DR.OLUSEGUN SMITH


NB: 
BUT IF YOU KNOW YOU ARE INTERESTED LET ME KNOW. LIST 
YOUR PHONE &amp; FAX NUMBERS SO WE MAY 
COMMUNICATE WITH YOU. THIS IS IMPORTANT AS WE WOULD 
HAVE TO TALK ABOUT THE MODALITIES OF THE TRANSACTION. 
WAITING TO HEAR FROM YOU. 


-------------------------------------------------
This mail sent through MailService.MS -&gt; http://www.MailService.ms 

</p>

</body></html>