<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="{BUSINESS PROPOSAL} " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//hotjobs.sweepstakes.yahoo.com/signingbonus" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="870-763-648313" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="h00o17@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="h00o17@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="h00o17@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-fax" content="870-763-648315.  " />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="jvsuser0@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040119230150.40241.qmail@web21401.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="jvsuser0@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="{BUSINESS PROPOSAL} " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040119230150.40241.qmail@web21401.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;h00o17@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jan 19 18:01:58 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;h00o17@yahoo.com&gt; :870-763-648314." />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-655" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040119230150.40241.qmail@web21401.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>{BUSINESS PROPOSAL} </title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear Sir,

My name is Hartman Onowu,I am the operational manager
in account management section incharge of credit and
foreign bills of one of the prime banks here in South
Africa. I am writing in respect of a foreign customer
of my bank who perished with his whole families on
25TH JULY,2000 CONCORDE PLANE CRASH [ Flight AF4590 ]
with the whole passengers aboard.

There is an account opened in this bank in 1998 by
this great late INDUSTRIALIST who died without a
written or oral WILL attatched to the account. Since
his death , I personally has watched with keen
interest to see the next of kin but all has proved
abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no
other person knows about this account or anything
concerning it,the account has no other beneficiary and
until his death he was the manager of his company.

The total amount involved is 16,000,000.00
USD.[Sixteen Million United States Dollar ]. We wish
to start the first transfer with $6,000,000.00[Six
million] and open successful transaction without any
disappointment from your side, we shall re-apply for
the transfer of the remaining balance to your account.
I have secretly discussed this matter with the general
manager of the bank who I must involve in order to
have a smooth and a successful transfer of the fund to
any foreign bank account which you are going to
nominate. On this note, I decided to seek for a
reliable foreigner who will act as the foreign
beneficiary of the fund from the deceased by providing
his/her bank account where the fund will be
transferred for immediate investment on any viable
project as no one has come up to be the next of kin.

The banking ethics here does not allow such money to
stay more than six years without claim hence the money
will be recalled to the government treasury as
unclaimed after this long period of domancy. In view
of this I got your contact through my personal search
to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank
account for the transfer or find a reliable person who
will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her
personal account.

At the conclussion of the transfer 65% of the fund
will be for me, I will give you 20% of the total
transfer sum, 10% for charity both in Africa and in
your country while the remaining 5% will be set aside
to settle expenses both parties might incure during
the transfer process. Upon the receipt of your reply,
I will send to you a detailed information about the
transaction.I will not fail to bring to your notice
that this business is 100% risk and trouble free and
that you should not entertain any fear as all
modalities for fund transfer can be finalized within 7
to 9 banking days, after you apply to the bank as the
beneficiary of the fund from the deceased.

When you receive this letter, Kindly send me an e-mail
or you can call me or fax me. You should also include
your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe
communication.

TEL:870-763-648313
   :870-763-648314.
FAX:870-763-648315.  

Respectfully yours,
Hartman Onowu. 




__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Hotjobs: Enter the "Signing Bonus" Sweepstakes
http://hotjobs.sweepstakes.yahoo.com/signingbonus

</p>

</body></html>