<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Reply Needed" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1004169555-1074589833=" content="50209" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1004169555-1074589833=" content="50209" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1004169555-1074589833=" content="50209--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-1004169555-1074589833=:50209&quot; intend to retire peacefully at the end of &lt;BR&gt;this transaction. Let honesty and trust be our &lt;BR&gt;watchword throughout this transaction and your prompt &lt;BR&gt;reply will be highly appreciated. &lt;BR&gt;Thank you for your anticipated cooperation while we &lt;BR&gt;look forward to a mutually &lt;BR&gt;benefiting business&amp;nbsp; relationship with you.&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk &lt;BR&gt;2. Name of Bank &amp;amp; Address of Bank .3. Account Number4. &lt;BR&gt;Beneficiary Name &lt;BR&gt;Upon receipt of your company&amp;nbsp; &amp;amp; bank particulars, an &lt;BR&gt;application shall be made in your name to the Central &lt;BR&gt;Bank of Nigeria for the approval of the remittance of &lt;BR&gt;the funds which shall be by SWIFT (Telegraphic &lt;BR&gt;transfer) copies of the approval and other relevant &lt;BR&gt;documents shall be faxed to you for your &lt;BR&gt;perusal.please treat as strictly confidential for &lt;BR&gt;obvious reasons. The fund will be shared as follows:1. &lt;BR&gt;30% for your assistance &lt;BR&gt;2. 60% for myself &amp;amp; my Colleagues3. 10% for &lt;BR&gt;contingency expenses &lt;BR&gt;We wish to assure you that your involvement should you &lt;BR&gt;decide to assist us, will be well protected, and also, &lt;BR&gt;this business, proposal is 100% risk free as the &lt;BR&gt;remittance will be made through the legal procedures. &lt;BR&gt;Note: your discussions regarding this transaction &lt;BR&gt;should be limited because we are still in government &lt;BR&gt;service.!" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk &lt;BR&gt;2. Name of Bank &amp;amp; Address of Bank .3. Account Number4. &lt;BR&gt;Beneficiary Name &lt;BR&gt;Upon receipt of your company&amp;nbsp; &amp;amp; bank particulars, an &lt;BR&gt;application shall be made in your name to the Central &lt;BR&gt;Bank of Nigeria for the approval of the remittance of &lt;BR&gt;the funds which shall be by SWIFT (Telegraphic &lt;BR&gt;transfer) copies of the approval and other relevant &lt;BR&gt;documents shall be faxed to you for your &lt;BR&gt;perusal.please treat as strictly confidential for &lt;BR&gt;obvious reasons. The fund will be shared as follows:1. &lt;BR&gt;30% for your assistance &lt;BR&gt;2. 60% for myself &amp;amp; my Colleagues3. 10% for &lt;BR&gt;contingency expenses &lt;BR&gt;We wish to assure you that your involvement should you &lt;BR&gt;decide to assist us, will be well protected, and also, &lt;BR&gt;this business, proposal is 100% risk free as the &lt;BR&gt;remittance will be made through the legal procedures. &lt;BR&gt;Note: your discussions regarding this transaction &lt;BR&gt;should be limited because we are still in government &lt;BR&gt;service.!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="your discussions regarding this transaction " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1004169555-1074589833=:50209" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040120091033.51843.qmail@web86107.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Reply Needed" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040120091033.51843.qmail@web86107.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; Yahoo! Messenger - Communicate instantly...&quot;Ping&quot; your friends today! Download Messenger Now" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-1004169555-1074589833=:50209&quot; intend to retire peacefully at the end of &lt;BR&gt;this transaction. Let honesty and trust be our &lt;BR&gt;watchword throughout this transaction and your prompt &lt;BR&gt;reply will be highly appreciated. &lt;BR&gt;Thank you for your anticipated cooperation while we &lt;BR&gt;look forward to a mutually &lt;BR&gt;benefiting business&amp;nbsp; relationship with you.&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 20 04:10:48 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk&gt; tony_obaa@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 We" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-659" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040120091033.51843.qmail@web86107.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; Yahoo! Messenger - Communicate instantly...&quot;Ping&quot; your friends today! Download Messenger Now" />
<title>Urgent Reply Needed</title>
</head>
<body>


<p>PETROLEUM(SPECIAL) 
TRUST FUND 
LAGOS-NIGERIA 
CONFIDENTIAL. </p>


<p><a shape="rect" href="mailto:tony_obaa@yahoo.co.uk">tony_obaa@yahoo.co.uk</a></p>


<p>REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL. </p>


<p>From the Desk of:DR.IKE OBA. 
Dear Sir, 
This letter may come to you as a surprise since it is 
coming from someone you have not met before. However, 
we decided to contact you based on a 
satisfactory information we had about you. 
I am a Medical Doctor currently working with the 
Petroleum Trust Fund (PTF). I and some of my close and 
trusted colleagues need your assistance in the 
transfer of US$21.8 million into any reliable 
Accountyou may nominate overseas. 
This fund was generated from over-invoicing of 
contracts executed by the PTF under our control and 
supervision. This fund is now ready to be remitted 
into any Account we put forward for that purpose. What 
we want from you is a good and reliable company or 
personal Account into which we shall transfer this 
fund. Details should include the following: 
1. Name of Company, Address  &amp; Your Private Telephone 
&amp; Fax Num!
 ber.
 
2. Name of Bank &amp; Address of Bank .3. Account Number4. 
Beneficiary Name 
Upon receipt of your company  &amp; bank particulars, an 
application shall be made in your name to the Central 
Bank of Nigeria for the approval of the remittance of 
the funds which shall be by SWIFT (Telegraphic 
transfer) copies of the approval and other relevant 
documents shall be faxed to you for your 
perusal.please treat as strictly confidential for 
obvious reasons. The fund will be shared as follows:1. 
30% for your assistance 
2. 60% for myself &amp; my Colleagues3. 10% for 
contingency expenses 
We wish to assure you that your involvement should you 
decide to assist us, will be well protected, and also, 
this business, proposal is 100% risk free as the 
remittance will be made through the legal procedures. 
Note: your discussions regarding this transaction 
should be limited because we are still in government 
service.!
  We
 intend to retire peacefully at the end of 
this transaction. Let honesty and trust be our 
watchword throughout this transaction and your prompt 
reply will be highly appreciated. 
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation while we 
look forward to a mutually 
benefiting business  relationship with you.</p>


<p> <a shape="rect" href="mailto:tony_obaa@yahoo.co.uk">tony_obaa@yahoo.co.uk</a></p>


<p>Best Regards. </p>


<p>DR. IKE OBA. </p>




<p />


 <a shape="rect" href="http://uk.rd.yahoo.com/mail/tagline_messenger/*http://uk.messenger.yahoo.com"> 
Yahoo! Messenger</a> - Communicate instantly..."Ping" your friends 
today! <a shape="rect" href="http://uk.rd.yahoo.com/mail/tagline_messenger/*http://uk.messenger.yahoo.com/download/index.html">Download Messenger Now</a></body></html>