<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-em-registration" content="#01C0541910460C00F000" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;res bob12&quot; &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="res bob12 &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="resbobi2@al-islam.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-01-17T02:47:42Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot; resbob@al-islam.com&quot; &lt;resbob@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content=" resbob@al-islam.com &lt;resbob@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=windows-1256" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="resbob@al-islam.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-EM-Registration" content="#01C0541910460C00F000" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;274052003151724742515@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-em-version" content="5, 0, 0, 11" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;274052003151724742515@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;res bob12&quot; &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="res bob12 &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=windows-1256" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;res bob12&quot; &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="res bob12 &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-href=3d&quot;http" content="//www.al-islam.com&quot;&gt;www.al-islam.com&lt;/a&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-01-17T02:47:42Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=windows-1256" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-01-17T02:47:42Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-EM-Version" content="5, 0, 0, 11" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jan 16 20:52:02 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;re" content="&amp;nbsp; TRANSFER OF ($26,000.000.00" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="res bob12" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;res bob12&quot; &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="res bob12 &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-67" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="res bob12 &lt;resbobi2@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;274052003151724742515@al-islam.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;&amp;nbsp;from" content="Dopp Bob.&lt;BR&gt;PHONE:(874)-762864167, &lt;BR&gt;FAX&amp;nbsp;" />
<title>URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body>        
<p> FROM:Dopp Bob.
PHONE:(874)-762864167, 
FAX 
:(874)-762864168</p>


<p>'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
'''''''''''''''''''''''''
        
; (URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)</p>


<p>RE:  TRANSFER OF ($26,000.000.00
USD}
        TWENTY SIX MILLION
DOLLARS</p>


<p>Dear Sir,</p>


<p>We want to transfer to overseas
account          

($26,000.000.00 USD) Twenty six million United States Dollars) from a
Prime Bank here in South Africa, I want to ask you, If you are not capable
to quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and
fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new Bank a/c
immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve to receive
this money, as long as you will remain honest to me till the end for this
important business trusting in you and believing in God that you will never
let me down either now or in future.</p>


<p>I am the Auditor General of one of the prime bankshere in South Africa,
during the course of our auditing,I discovered a floating fund in an
account opened in the bank in 1996 and since 1998 nobody has operated on
this account again,after going through some old files in the records I
discovered that the owner of the account died without a [Heir/WILL] hence
the money is floating and if I do not remit this money
out urgently it
will be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this account is PEDRO F. HASLER
a foreigner, a great industrialist and he died since 1998.No
other
person knows about this account or any thing concerning it, the
account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well
that until his death he was the manager GOLD ARK [pty]. SA.</p>


<p>We will start the first transfer with Six million [$6,000.000] upon
successful transaction without any disappoint from your side, we shall
re-apply for the
payment of the remaining rest amount to your
account.</p>


<p>The total amount involve is Twenty six million United States Dollars
only [$26,000.000.00]. I want to first transfer $6,000.000.00 [Six million
United States
Dollar] from this money into a safe foreigners account
abroad before the rest. But I don't know any foreigner, I am only
contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a
local person here, without valid international foreign
passport, but can
only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or
drivers license and foreign a/c  because the money is in US dollars
and the former owner of the a/c is a foreigner too, and the money can only
be approved into foreign /c.</p>


<p>However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind us together when we
meet face to face after the first transfer of $6 Million before
transferring the second part of $20 Million. I am revealing this to you
with believe in God that you will never let me down in this business, you
are the first and the only person that I am contacting for this business,
so please reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step to take
urgently. Send also your private telephone and fax number including the
full details of the account to be used for the deposit.</p>


<p>I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding
agreement that will bind us together immediately after the first transfer
before we fly to
your country for withdrawal, sharing and
investments.</p>


<p>I need your full co-operation to make this work fine because the
management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has
correct information
of this account, which I will give to you upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you are capable and will
meet up with instruction of  a key
bank official who is deeply
involved with me in this business. I need your strong assurance that you
will never, never let me down.</p>


<p>With my influence and my position in the bank the bank official can
transfer this money to any foreigner's reliable account that you can
provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our
physical arrival in your country for sharing. The bank official Will
destroy all documents of transaction immediately
we receive this money
leaving no trace to any place and to build confidence you can call me for
heart to heart discussion through my private satellite phone
which I
secured for the security and safety of this business as you know that this
business is confidential.I will use my position and influence to obtain all
legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries and foreign
exchange
departments.</p>


<p>At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the total
amount, 60% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties
might have incurred
during the process of transferring.</p>


<p>I look forward to your earliest reply through my email
address.</p>


<p>Yours truly
Dopp Bob</p>


<p>
 </p>




Get Your Free Email at <a shape="rect" href="http://www.al-islam.com">www.al-islam.com</a>


</body></html>