<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Fund Management" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-21T18:02:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="martinsaku01@truthmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="martinsaku01@truthmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="martinsaku01@truthmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="martinsaku01@truthmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="martinsaku01@truthmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Fund Management" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="martinsaku01@truthmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Origin" content="66.178.62.203" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="binary" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200401211802.i0LI2Wcm027692@www1.www.truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-21T18:02:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-21T18:02:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="binary" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="AtMail Corp 3.61 - http://webbasedemail.com/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Dear Sir, " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 21 13:08:10 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-origin" content="66.178.62.203" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200401211802.i0LI2Wcm027692@www1.www.truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Martins Aku" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="AtMail Corp 3.61 - http://webbasedemail.com/" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-667" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Martins Aku &lt;martinsaku01@truthmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200401211802.i0LI2Wcm027692@www1.www.truthmail.com&gt;" />
<title>Fund Management</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attn: Dear Sir, 

REQUEST FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE IN A FINANCIAL TRANSACTION. 

I am interested in your partnership in business dealing.This business 
proposal I wish to intimate you with is of mutual benefit and it's success 
is entirely based on mutual trust,co-operation and a high level of 
confidentiality as regards this business transaction. 

I am representing the board of the contract award and monitoring committee 
of the South African Ministry of Mining and Resources.I am seeking your 
assistance to enable me transfer the sum of US$20,000,000.00 (Twenty 
Million United States Dollars) into your private or company account. 

The funds came about as a result of a contract awarded and executed for 
and on behalf of my Ministry.The contract was supposed to be awarded to 
two foreign contractors to the tune of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million 
United States Dollars).But in the course of negotiation between my board 
and the contractor to our benefit,the contract was awarded to a Bulgarian 
contractor at the cost of US$40,000,000.00(Forty Million United States 
Dollars).This contract has been satisfactorily executed and inspected as 
the Bulgarian firm is presently securing payment from my Ministry,where 
our Board is in-charge of all foreign contract payment 
approval/disbursement. 

As a civil servant still in active government service,I am forbidden by 
law to operate an account outside the shores of South Africa.Hence this 
message to you seeking your assistance so as to enable me present you or 
your company as the second contractor of contractual claims alongside that 
of the Bulgarian contractor,to enable me transfer the difference of 
US$20,000,000.00 (Twenty Million United States Dollars)into your provided 
account. 

On actualization,the funds will be shared as stated below. 

25% for you and 75% for us. 

What We request from you:- 
1)Your full names,company name if any(otherwise we will use your name to 
register a company). 

2)Your address,tel,fax and cell phone numbers. 

All logistics are in place and all modalities worked out for a smooth 
actualization of the transaction within the shortest possible time 
frame.For further details as to the workability of this transaction,please 
reach me as soon as possible for further clarification. 

Thank you for your anticipated co-operation while I await your urgent 
response. 

Yours Sincerely, 
Mr James Radebe. 





---- Msg sent via TruthMail - http://WebBasedEmail.com/

</p>

</body></html>