<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Re: urgent" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ahmed abu&quot; &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ahmed abu &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-23T09:32:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=x-user-defined " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MMLanguage" content="English" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mmlanguage" content="English" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Re: urgent" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040123093210.B60C4148EE@bg.mx2.e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ahmed abu&quot; &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ahmed abu &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=x-user-defined " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ahmed abu&quot; &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ahmed abu &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-23T09:32:10Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=x-user-defined " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-23T09:32:10Z" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="MeghdootMail, Modular InfoTech" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 23 07:30:11 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt; and fax numbers and your full name and address  of company or residential so that i can computerise them to tally with  the next of kin collum in the certificate of deposit.&lt;BR&gt;This does not have any risk attached to it as all the internal  documentations will be handled by me. I therefore request you to  confirm your interest by a return message and I will furnish you with  details.Lastly for the immediate take off of this transaction you have  to confirm your willingness and readiness to assist me retrive this  deposit.&lt;BR&gt;I look forward to hearing from you.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Regards&lt;BR&gt;Ahmed Abu&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;P&gt;&lt;HR size=1 noShade&gt;For e-mail in Indian languages &amp; English visit: &lt;A href=&quot;http://www.e-tapaal.com&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot;&gt;www.e-tapaal.com&lt;/A&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20040123093210.B60C4148EE@bg.mx2.e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ahmed abu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ahmed abu&quot; &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ahmed abu &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="MeghdootMail, Modular InfoTech" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-671" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ahmed abu &lt;ahmedabu@e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040123093210.B60C4148EE@bg.mx2.e-tapaal.com&gt;" />
<title>Re: urgent</title>
</head>
<body> Dear Friend,
I am  MrAhmed Abu a Regional Supervisour with a
NATIONAL TRUST SECURITY COMPANY in Abidjan. We had a foreign client
(name with held) who deposited a huge sum of money (US$10.5million)  with our Company.
Eventually, this client was among the victims of EGYPT AIR BOEING 767  FLIGHT NO.990 that crashed on the 31-10-1999 in U.S.A but, since then  we have not had any body coming for the claims as the next of kin. A  sitaution I have monitored closely with my position in the Company.  Now, having monitored this deposit and managed it over
the years before his death, and hence nobody has showed up as the next  of kin for the past one year plus, I have removed the file to my  private volt.
I now solicit for your assistance to present you as the next of kin as  every other arrangement has being concluded by me and I am only waiting  for a foreigner to enable me move the fund to his account.I will need  your private telephone
  and fax numbers and your full name and address  of company or residential so that i can computerise them to tally with  the next of kin collum in the certificate of deposit.
This does not have any risk attached to it as all the internal  documentations will be handled by me. I therefore request you to  confirm your interest by a return message and I will furnish you with  details.Lastly for the immediate take off of this transaction you have  to confirm your willingness and readiness to assist me retrive this  deposit.
I look forward to hearing from you.

Regards
Ahmed Abu
<p />


For e-mail in Indian languages &amp; English visit: <a shape="rect" href="http://www.e-tapaal.com">www.e-tapaal.com</a>

</body></html>