<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent assistance." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent assistance." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="creator" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Bcc" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Dear Friend," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan 25 22:40:09 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Author" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-675" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk" />
<title>Urgent assistance.</title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From the office of Engr; Abubakar Saeed
Federal Ministry of works and housing
Federal secretariat office complex
Garki,Abuja,
Nigeria.
ATTN: Dear Friend,
Request for assistance: Strictly Confidential

I am Engr; Abubakar Saeed, the director of works FMW&amp;H

Nigeria and chairman of contract award and review committee

set up by the federal government of Nigeria under the present

civilian dispensation to award new contracts and review

existing ones.
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and

reputable person to handle a very confidential

transaction,which involves the transfer of a huge sum of

money to a foreign account.

There were series of contracts executed by a consortium of

ultinationals in the Works and Housing sector in favour of

the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing (FMW&amp;H). The

original value of these contracts were delibrately over

invoiced to the sum of USD$9.6,000,000.00 (Nine million six

hundred united state dollars).This amount has now been

approved and is now ready to be transferred being that the

companies that actually executed these contracts have been

fully paid and the projects officially commissioned.
Consequently, my colleagues and I are willing to transfer the

total amount to your account for subsequent disbursement,

since we as civil servants are prohibited by the code of

conduct bureau (civil service law) from operating and/or

opening foreign accounts in our names.
Needless to say, the trust reposed on you at this is

enormous, in return, we have agreed to offer you 20% of the

transferred sum, while 10% shall be set aside for incidental

expenses (internal and external) between both parties in the

course of the transaction you will be mandated to remit the

balance to other accounts in due course.

Modalities have been worked out at the highest level of the

ministry of finance and the Central bank of Nigeria for the

immediate transfer of the funds within 14 working days

subject to your satisfaction of the above stated terms. Our

assurance is that your role is risk free. To accord this

transaction  the legality it deserves and for mutual security

of the funds the whole approval procedures will officially

and legally processed with your name or the name of any

company you may nominate as the bonafide beneficiary.

Once more I want you to understand that having put in over

twenty five years in the civil service of my country, I am

averse to having my image and career dented.
This matter should therefore be treated with utmost secrecy

and urgency it deserves. Please you should signify your

intention to assist by  you sending me a mail through my

confidential email address so that I can brief you further

(abu_saeed04@tiscali.co.uk).

I want to assure you that this business proposal is 100% risk

free as we have done our home work properly. I quite believe

that you will protect our interest by taking this deal

strictly confidential, as we are still in government

service,which we intend to retire from.
kindly expedite action as we are behind schedule to enable us

include this transfer in the first batch which would

constitute the first quarter payments for the 2004 financial

year.

Thanks and God bless.


Engr; Abubakar Saeed.

</p>

</body></html>