<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="good gay" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr. Lukman Rilwanu&quot; &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr. Lukman Rilwanu &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="luckmankkk@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-29T03:20:57Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="luckman4kk@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="luckman4kk@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="good gay" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200401271815.i0RIFcd6027259@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr. Lukman Rilwanu&quot; &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr. Lukman Rilwanu &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr. Lukman Rilwanu&quot; &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr. Lukman Rilwanu &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-29T03:20:57Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-29T03:20:57Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 27 13:16:02 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200401271815.i0RIFcd6027259@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr. Lukman Rilwanu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr. Lukman Rilwanu&quot; &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr. Lukman Rilwanu &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-678" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr. Lukman Rilwanu &lt;luckmankkk@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200401271815.i0RIFcd6027259@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title>good gay</title>
</head>
<body><p>Attention:

It is my pleasure to contact you for assistance and
business co-operation. I know the content of this
letter might be surprising to you but I assure you
that every word of it is true. Even though we hardly
know each other I believe you can help me.
.
I am Dr. Rilwanu lukman,President Adviser on Petroleum
and Energy and Alternate Chairman of N.N.P.C
Board&amp;also OPEC President Designate.My office monitors
the sales and lifting of crude oil and petroleum
product by foreign dealers. With the cooperation of my
assistant and head of the audit committee attached to
the task force, I have successfully saved about
US$37.5 million.
This money is as a result of allocation of excess
crude oil to the foreign dealers, which has been sold
but this money is not entered in the financial
statement of my task force. This money was lying
unclaimed in the account of the task force, known only
to me and the chief security officer in our ministry
who help me in
moving
the fund out through his security network and me
involved in the excess
allocation.
However, the legislators of the new democratic
Government of my country have set up a panel to look
into the past activities of some government companies
and parastatals. I do not want the panel to discover
the money I saved.
I cannot lodge this money into my private bank
account. In my country, public servants are not
permitted to operate any account in excess of $500,000
US Dollars. Now the idea is to have a foreign partner
whom the sum will be transferred to. I  have concluded
arrangement and transfered this money to a finance
company for safekeeping to avoid the government from
seizing this fund .
All you have to do is to give me  your private
address,
phone and fax lines and . I will
send you the details of the transfer and necessary
document as soon as you provide them.
If you can assist me transfer this money into your
nominated bank account,I will give you 20% of the
amount. You will keep the remaining sum for my wife
pending
her arrival to your country. We intend to invest 50%
of the sum in business. With your knowledge and past
experience your advice will be highly needed for the
investment. We would want to know the lucrative
business areas in your country we can invest on with
the 50% of the sum.
Don't worry about any problem in this business. I
assure it is safe and no risk is involved. No other
party is aware of the sum from the excess allocation
except my partner and me. However, this transaction
should be secret and confidential.
I awaits your reply on your participation or not, so
that I can search for another willing person. Your
quick response matters.

Best regards

Dr. Lukman Rilwanu


</p>

</body></html>