<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="No -- Hits: 4.959  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.39" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONTACT ME IMMEDIATLEY." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Usman Ramat&quot; &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Usman Ramat &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,UPPERCASE_75_100" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cosmo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ramatemail@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ramatemail@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="ramatemail@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="ramatemail@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="No -- Hits: 4.959  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.39" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ramatemail2004@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,SUBJ_ALL_CAPS,UPPERCASE_75_100" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONTACT ME IMMEDIATLEY." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ramatemail2004@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Usman Ramat&quot; &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Usman Ramat &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Usman Ramat&quot; &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Usman Ramat &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ramatemail2004@yahoo.com&gt;	for &lt;R@K&gt;; Wed, 28 Jan 2004 16:27:44 -0500	for &lt;R@E&gt;; Wed, 28 Jan 2004 16:27:32 -0500" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 28 16:27:58 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ramatemail2004@yahoo.com&gt; for &lt;R@K&gt;; Wed, 28 Jan 2004 16:27:44 -0500 for &lt;R@E&gt;; Wed, 28 Jan 2004 16:27:32 -0500" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Usman Ramat" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Usman Ramat&quot; &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Usman Ramat &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-681" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Usman Ramat &lt;ramatemail@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<title>CONTACT ME IMMEDIATLEY.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Hello,



I HAVE INTREST OF INVESTING IN YOUR COUNTRY AS SUCH I WOULD LIKE TO 
MAKE CONTACT WITH YOU FOR ASSISTANCE. IN ORDER TO TRANSFER OUT (USD 15 
MILLION DOLLARS) FROM OUR BANK. I HAVE THE COURAGE TO ASK YOU TO ASSURE ME 
OF YOUR RELIABILITY AND HONESTY AND CAPABILITY FOR THIS IMPORTANT 
BUSINESS BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL NEVER LET ME DOWN OR IN FUTURE.


I AM MR. USMAN RAMAT SHEHU, AM TOP MANAGEMENT STAFF IN THE EASTERN 
DISTRICT OF UNITED BANK FOR AFRICAN PLC(U.B.A.). THERE IS AN ACCOUNT IN THIS 
BANK IN 1987 AND SINCE 1990 NOBODY HAS OPERATED ON THIS ACCOUNT AGAIN.


AFTER GOING THROUGH SOME OLD FILES IN THE RECORDS I DISCOVERED THAT IF 
I DO NOT REMIT THIS MONEY OUT URGENTLY, IT WILL BE FORFEITTED FOR 
NOTHING.THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS MR.ADAM SMITH, A FOREIGNER, AND THE 
MANAGER OF PETRO-TECHNICAL SUPPORT SERVICES, A CHEMICAL ENGINEER BY 
PROFESSION AND HE DIED SINCE 1996. NO OTHER PERSON KNOWS ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT 
OR ANY THING CONCERNING IT. THE ACCOUNT HAS NO BENEFICIARY AND MY 
INVESTIGATION PROVED TO ME AS WELL THAT HIS COMPANY DOES NOT KNOW ANYTHING 
ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT INVOLVED IS (USD) 15 MILLION DOLLARS). 
I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I DON'T 
KNOW ANY FOREIGNER,

I AM ONLY CONTACTING YOU AS A FOREIGNER BECAUSE THIS MONEY CAN NOT BE 
APPROVED TO A LOCAL BANK HERE, BUT CAN ONLY BE APPROVED TO ANY FOREIGN 
ACCOUNT BECAUSE THE MONEY IS IN USDOLLARS AND THE FORMER OWNER OF THE 
ACCOUNT MR.ADAM SMITH IS A FOREIGNER AND FROM YOUR COUNTRY. I KNOW THAT 
THIS MESSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A SUPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OURSELVES 
BEFORE, BUT BE SURE THAT IT IS A GENUINE BUSINESS.


I ONLY GOT YOUR CONTACT FROM SEARCH IN THE INTERNET, WITH BELIEVE IN 
GOD THAT YOU WILL NEVER LET ME DOWN IN THIS BUSINESS YOU ARE THE ONLY 
PERSON THAT I BELIEVE COULD HANDLE THIS TRANSACTION UNTIL AM ABLE TO 
COLLECT MY SHARE, SO PLEASE REPLY URGENTLY SO THAT I WILL INFORM YOU THE 
NEXT STEP TO TAKE. SEND ALSO YOUR PHONE AND FAX NUMBERS FOR EASY ACCESS.


AT THE CONCLUSION OF THIS BUSINESS, YOU WILL BE GIVEN 20% OF THE TOTAL 
AMOUNT, 70% WILL BE FOR ME, WHILE 10% WILL BE FOR EXPENSES BOTH PARTIES 
MIGHT HAVE INCURED DURING THE PROCESS OF TRANSFERING.I LOOK FORWARD TO 
YOUR EARLIEST REPLY.

YOURS TRUELY

MR.USMAN RAMAT.

------------------------------
Cosmo.com Email - 8 megs free!
http://www.cosmo.com

</p>

</body></html>