<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="larryacb@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-01-28T23:35:48Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="larryacb@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="larryacb@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="larryacb@voila.fr" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="larryacb@voila.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="acb23larry@yahoo.dk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;30012303.1075332948361.JavaMail.www@wwinf4004&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="larryacb@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;30012303.1075332948361.JavaMail.www@wwinf4004&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-01-28T23:35:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-01-28T23:35:48Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 28 18:35:50 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="larryacb" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-682" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="larryacb &lt;larryacb@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;30012303.1075332948361.JavaMail.www@wwinf4004&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF MR.LARRY WILLIAMS . AFRICAN CONTINENTAL BANK PLC(ACB) LAGOS-NIGERIA.

DEAR SIR,

STRICTLY A PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL I AM MR.LARRY WILLIAMS, THE MANAGER, BILLS AND EXCHANGE AT THE FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPARTMENT OF THE AFRICAN CONTINENTAL BANK PLC.

I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO ASK FOR YOUR SUPPORT AND COOPERATION TO CARRY OUT THIS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY IN MY DEPARTMENT. WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF $15.500,000.00 (FIFTEEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY) IN AN ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMERS LATE ENGR,BRIAN LLOYD SMITH, WHO DIED WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY OF A WIFE AND TWO CHILDREN IN ADC AIR LINE BOEING 722,THAT CRASHED ON NOVEMBER 1996 WHILE TRAVELLING FROM LAGOS TO PORT HARCOUT.

SINCE WE HEARD OF HIS DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING HIS NEXT-OF-KIN TO COME OVER AND PUT CLAIMS FOR HIS MONEY AS THE HEIR,BECAUSE THE BANK CANNOT RELEASE THE FUND FROM HIS ACCOUNT UNLESS SOMEONE APPLIES FOR CLAIM AS THE NEXT-OF-KIN TO THE DECEASED AS INDICATED IN OUR BANKING GUIDELINES. UNFORTUNATELY, NEITHER THEIR FAMILY MEMBER NOR DISTANT RELATIVE HAS EVER APPEARED TO CLAIM THE SAID FUND.

UPON THIS DISCOVERY,I AND OTHER OFFICIALS IN MY DEPARTMENT HAVE AGREED TO MAKE BUSINESS WITH YOU AND RELEASE THE TOTAL AMOUNT INTO YOUR ACCOUNT AS THE HEIR OF THE FUND SINCE NO ONE CAME FOR IT OR DISCOVERED HIS MAINTAINED ACCOUNT WITH OUR BANK, OTHERWISE THE FUND WILL BE RETURNED TO THE BANKS TREASURY AS UNCLAIMED FUND. WE HAVE AGREED THAT OUR RATIO OF SHARING WILL BE AS STATED THUS; 30 % FOR YOU AS FOREIGN PARTNER, 60 % FOR US THE OFFICIALS IN MY DEPARTMENT AND 10% FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL LOCAL AND FOREIGN EXPENCES INCURRED BY US AND YOU DURING THE COURSE OF THIS BUSINESS.

UPON THE SUCCESSFUL COMPLETION OF THIS TRANSFER, I AND ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES WILL COME TO YOUR COUNTRY AND MIND OUR SHARE. IT IS FROM OUR 60 % WE INTEND TO INVEST IN YOUR COUNTRY AS A WAY OF RECYCLING THE FUND. TO COMMENCE THIS TRANSACTION, WE REQUIRE YOU TO IMMEDIATELY INDICATE YOUR INTEREST BY A RETURN E-MAIL AND ENCLOSE YOUR PRIVATE CONTACT TELEPHONE NUMBER, FAX NUMBER FULL NAME AND ADDRESS TO ENABLE ME FILE LETTER OF CLAIM TO THE APPROPRIATE DEPARTMENTS FOR NECESSARY APPROVALS BEFORE THE TRANSFER CAN BE MADE. NOTE ALSO, THIS TRANSACTION MUST BE KEPT STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL BECAUSE OF IT'S NATURE. I LOOK FORWARD TO RECEIVING YOUR PROMPT RESPONSE.

REGARDS,

MR. LARRY WILLIAMS
AFRICAN CONTINENTAL BANK PLC(ACB)
Email:acb23larry@yahoo.dk

------------------------------------------

Faites un voeu et puis Voila ! www.voila.fr 


</p>

</body></html>