<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Joint Venture( urgent response needed)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Richard Akueze&quot; &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Richard Akueze &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cosmo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="richardakueze@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="richardakueze@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="richardakueze@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="richardakueze@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="richardakueze@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Joint Venture( urgent response needed)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="richardakueze@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Richard Akueze&quot; &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Richard Akueze &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Richard Akueze&quot; &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Richard Akueze &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb  5 15:52:50 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt; JOINT VENTURE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Richard Akueze" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Richard Akueze&quot; &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Richard Akueze &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-692" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Richard Akueze &lt;richardakueze@cosmo.com&gt;" />
<title>Joint Venture( urgent response needed)</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM. The Desk OF: DR. RICHARD AKUEZE
DIRECTOR PROJECT IMPLEMENTATION
NIGERIAN NATIONAL PETROLEUM 
CORPORATION (NNPC).


                  JOINT VENTURE

I strongly apologize for this unsolicited mail, but I
am constrained by circumstances surrounding my
profession .I have the mandate of my colleagues in
office to solicite for your  assistance for a deal we
want to execute

The business involves the remittance of
US$28.6M(Twenty eight million and six hundred thousand
United States Dollars) to your bank account from the
Central Bank of Nigeria. The money accrued through
deliberate over-invoicing of old projects executed for
the Government by some foreign firms. I and few
officials here have worked out a scheme to benefit us
along with any foreign partner who obliges us the
materials and channel to push out the fund, our idea
being to come over thereafter to share the fund with
whoever assist us.

To make things easy and legal, the fund is reflecting
in  our records as payable to a foreigner who did a
consultancy service job for the ministry during the
turn around  maintenance of one our petroleum
refinery.All necessary and relevant documents will be
procured for the release and transfer of the fund into
your nominated account

Please get in touch with me immediately through my
alternative email :richardakueze@sify.com.For your
participation in realizing this transaction 20% will
be for you,80% for me and other officials which will
be invested in your country.

I am awaiting your response most urgently and is rest
assured that this transaction is 100% risk free, as
there is no risk involved on both sides.Thank you and
God bless.

Yours sincerely,
Dr Richard Akueze

------------------------------
Cosmo.com Email - 8 megs free!
http://www.cosmo.com

</p>

</body></html>