<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by lion.cs.CU id i18KYIv3007531" />
<meta name="subject" content=" " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Peter Saseh&quot; &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Peter Saseh &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="sasehpeter@latinmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-08T05:35:23Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sasehpeter@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by lion.cs.CU id i18KYIv3007531" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sasehpeter@cosmo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content=" " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="CONFIDENTIAL ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200402082034.i18KY3Jj015222@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Peter Saseh&quot; &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Peter Saseh &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Peter Saseh&quot; &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Peter Saseh &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-08T05:35:23Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-08T05:35:23Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Feb  8 15:35:50 2004" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200402082034.i18KY3Jj015222@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Peter Saseh" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Peter Saseh&quot; &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Peter Saseh &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-697" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Peter Saseh &lt;sasehpeter@latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200402082034.i18KY3Jj015222@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title> </title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir 

RE: CONFIDENTIAL ASSISTANCE 

First I must solicit your confidence in this transaction. I am a highly 
placed official working with the ministry of state for finance and 
economic planning here in Banjul, Gambia, west .Africa my department the 
treasury department does transactions that run into several hundresds of 
millions of dollars quaterly. Myself and two other colleagues in this 
department are currently in need of a silent foreign partner, whose 
influence and bank account we can use, to transfer the sum of Eighteen 
Million Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars (US$18,500,000.00) This funds 
accrued legitimately but discretely to us as commission from foreign 
contracts through our private connections. The funds is presently waiting to 
be remitted by our offshore funds managers to any foreign beneficiary 
cleared for payment. However by virtue of our positions as civil 
servants in our country we cannot acquire this money directly, in our names. 
We are not allowed by the civil service code of conduct to own or 
operate bank account outside our shores, on the other hand it is not safe for 
us to keep the money here due to our unstable political environment in 
this part of the world. 

I have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues to look for 
an overseas silent partner in whose account we would transfer the 
us$18,500,000.00 to, for our mutual benefit, hence the reason for this 
email. I am requesting that you assist us as our silent partner and receive 
the funds in your account for us on trust. We propose to share as 
follows, 20% to you as commision and 80 for us. You will be free to take 
your commission immediately the funds hit your account. since our 
objective for now is to invest the money, it would be appreciated if you can 
also of assistance by advising on short and long term investment 
possibilities your country. Should it not be convenient for you to assist with 
investing, we can end our cooperation after you hand over to our 
percentage of the money. The transaction although discrete is legitimate, the 
money will be transferred to your account with all necessary back-up 
documents showing legitimacy and source origin of funds. The transfer 
will be effected within seven working days to be completd. I plead with 
you on one issue, whether you are interested or not please do not 
expose this information to any one else. I confirm that the transaction is 
legitimate and without any risks either of us. Please give me your 
response immediately while keeping everything confidential. 

Yours Sincerely, 

Peter Saseh




</p>

</body></html>