<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Please Help Me!!!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.email.si/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-10T15:09:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="r_azmil@email.si" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="gt2002@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="gt2002@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="gt2002@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Please Help Me!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="QUOTED-PRINTABLE" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040210150935.BDBCE8B95A@www.email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-10T15:09:30Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-10T15:09:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="QUOTED-PRINTABLE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;	(JAW authenticated user r_azmil@email.si)	by www.email.si with HTTP;	Tue, 10 Feb 2004 16:09:30 +0100" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="JAW::Mail 1.0-email.si" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 10 10:10:05 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt; (JAW authenticated user r_azmil@email.si) by www.email.si with HTTP; Tue, 10 Feb 2004 16:09:30 +0100 response.Thanks for your understanding." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20040210150935.BDBCE8B95A@www.email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Rashidat Azmil" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="JAW::Mail 1.0-email.si" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-698" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Rashidat Azmil &lt;r_azmil@email.si&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040210150935.BDBCE8B95A@www.email.si&gt;" />
<title>Please Help Me!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>I humbly introduce myself to you; I am Mrs. Alhaja Rashidat Azmil the wife Of 
Captain Azmil who served in
Iraq.I am contacting you base on trust and humanitarian assistance which I 
urgently need from
you. The recent concluded US led war against my country has left my family 
totally devastated as I
lost my Husband to the cold hands of death and the children lost thei 
father.Long before this war
started, my late husband had in his custody $20.7 Million U.S Dollars, but due 
to serious threat of war
from the United States and the collision forces (if our dictator president 
does not amend his ways), my
husband had to act fast and at such deposited these funds in a Diplomatic 
Condominium in a neighboring
country for the purpose of our family survival after the war might have been 
over.

I am writing you this letter because our dreams was not fulfilled as we could 
not leave Iraq before the
war but we did however succeeded in getting the children to a neighboring 
country first before trying
to proceed with getting ourselves out. It was in the process of us (my Husband 
and I) escaping to a
neighboring country that we came under friendly fire. It was this mistake that 
took my husband’s life and
critically injured me as the truck we were in went out of control into a brick 
wall. I was rushed to a
military hospital in a neighboring country where I am currently admitted and 
writing this
letter. I am recovering well and now that my health has improved dramatically, 
I need to think of the
futureof my Children and who to trust in sending theentire amount kept by my 
late husband for investment
and acquiring immigration papers for my children. 

If you believe you can assist me on this endeavor,kindly reply me at 
r_azmil@land.ru so that I shall forward to 
you all the details required to carry on this transaction successfully. I look 
forward to your prompt favorable
 response.Thanks for your understanding.

Yours Respectfully,
Mrs. Rashidat Azmil.

N.B 
(If you have received this email in error, please
accept my apology. If you no longer wish to receive
email from me, please do not reply. Your request will
be honored).



____________________
http://www.email.si/

</p>

</body></html>