<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS/PROPOSAL." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-13T17:58:30Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS/PROPOSAL." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200402131758.i1DHwT4t014327@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Library" content="Indy 9.0.3-B" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-13T17:58:30Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-13T17:58:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;larrybrown@starspath.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Foxmail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Feb 13 12:58:57 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;larrybrown@starspath.com&gt; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200402131758.i1DHwT4t014327@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Foxmail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-708" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="larrybrown@starspath.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200402131758.i1DHwT4t014327@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-library" content="Indy 9.0.3-B" />
<title>BUSINESS/PROPOSAL.</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mr.Larry Brown.
Email:larrybrown@starspath.com
Date:13/02/04.

Dear Sir/Madam,

RE-INVESTMENT.

My names are Larry  Brown. I am the Family
Secretary/legal adviser to the former Liberia President Charles Taylor 
who was oudted from power lately, and presently on Assylum in West 
Africa.

The family has huge sums of money about Fourty Five Million United 
States 
Dollars ($45M) safely deposited CASH with a security Company in Europe. 
On the ouster of the former President Charles Taylor the family wants 
to
invest the money but they want me to look for a trusted and honest 
person who can invest this money on the familys behalf as proxy. I 
have
chosen you because of transparent honesty.

You will be paid Management/Trusteeship fees for managing and investing 
the funds as proxy on behalf of the family, On this you and I will have 
to sign an agreement before I can bring you directly with the family.

However there is a diplomat who is assisting to facilitate this 
transaction and he has concluded arrangements to have this funds 
transferred through a prime Bank in Europe to your nominated account. 
You will need to meet with him in Europe.

You will be required to travel to meet with the diplomat in Europe who 
will assist you with everything for the wire transfer of the funds 
through a local Bank to your nominated account. There is no risk 
involved at all so long you can invest the money. You
will also sign a formal working agreement with the Diplomat on behalf 
of
the family during your meeting in Europe.

I will issue you a letter of Power of Attorney and the Certificate of 
Deposit to enable you take delivery of the funds from the security 
company in Europe to be accompanied by the diplomat.

Please tell me in confidence can you handle it? Can you invest this 
huge
amount of money successfully? Have you ever handle such huge amount of 
money before?
How old are you? Please advise most urgently.

I look forward to your response. God Bless you!

Regards,

Mr.Larry  Brown.








</p>

</body></html>