<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Notify your intrest" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Kizie Mulumba&quot; &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt; Standard Bank Centre MR KIZIE MULUMBA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Kizie Mulumba &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-16T05:52:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="kizie_mulumba@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M Cape Town" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; On June 6=2C 1999=2C a foreign Oil consultant=2Fcontractor with the South Africa" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M Cape Town" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="kizie_mulumba@zwallet.com Heerengracht" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="kizie_mulumba@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Notify your intrest" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable Consequently=2C my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200402161452.i1GEqT8x014835@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt; 1313 Main Tower Thanks and regards=2E" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Kizie Mulumba&quot; &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt; Standard Bank Centre MR KIZIE MULUMBA" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Kizie Mulumba &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Kizie Mulumba&quot; &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt; Standard Bank Centre MR KIZIE MULUMBA" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Kizie Mulumba &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-16T05:52:47Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; On June 6=2C 1999=2C a foreign Oil consultant=2Fcontractor with the South Africa" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-16T05:52:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM Attn=3A The President=2FCEO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb 16 09:52:45 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt; Mr Kizie Mulumba Awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email which" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200402161452.i1GEqT8x014835@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 I am Mr Kizie Mulumba =2C Finance Director STANDARD BANK LTD=2E I have urgent" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Kizie Mulumba" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Kizie Mulumba&quot; &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt; Standard Bank Centre MR KIZIE MULUMBA" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Kizie Mulumba &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-710" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Kizie Mulumba &lt;kizie_mulumba@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200402161452.i1GEqT8x014835@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt; 1313 Main Tower Thanks and regards=2E" />
<title>Notify your intrest</title>
</head>
<body><p> Mr Kizie Mulumba
 1313 Main Tower
 Standard Bank Centre
 Heerengracht
 Cape Town
 8001
 South Africa

 Attn: The President/CEO

 I am Mr Kizie Mulumba , Finance Director STANDARD BANK LTD. I have urgent
and very confidential business proposition for you.
 On June 6, 1999, a foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the South Africa
Mining Corporation, Mr. Richard Moss made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit
for twelve calendar months, valued at US$25,000,000.00 (Twenty- five Million
Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and
finally we discovered from his contract employers, the South Africa Mining
Corporation that Mr.Richard Moss died from an automobile accident. On
further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL, and
all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.
&gt; I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Richard
Moss did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents,
including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of
US$25,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will
ever come forward to claim it. According to South Africa Law, at the
expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the
South Africa Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

 Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand
in as the next of kin to Mr. Richard Moss so that the fruits of this old
man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government
officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full
names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents
and affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall
employ the service of two Attorneys for drafting and notarization of the
WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of
probate/administration in your favor for the transfer. A bank account in
any part of the world which you will provide will then facilitate the
transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money
will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me
and 40% for you.
 There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be
done by the Attorney and my position as the Finance Director guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please
reply immediately via the private email address below. Upon your response,
I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will
help you understand the transaction.
 Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require
your assistance to invest my share in your country.
 Awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email which
is:kizie_mulumba@zwallet.com

 Thanks and regards.
 MR KIZIE MULUMBA



</p>

</body></html>