<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM: PASCAL IBE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR. PASCAL IBE&quot; &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. PASCAL IBE &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="pascalibe1@mail.nu" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2001-01-06T17:30:40Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="richcoll88@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="richcoll88@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM: PASCAL IBE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200402170313.i1H3DSDf031908@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR. PASCAL IBE&quot; &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. PASCAL IBE &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR. PASCAL IBE&quot; &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. PASCAL IBE &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2001-01-06T17:30:40Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2001-01-06T17:30:40Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb 16 22:13:53 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt; URGENT BUSINESS PLAN" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200402170313.i1H3DSDf031908@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. PASCAL IBE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR. PASCAL IBE&quot; &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. PASCAL IBE &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-711" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. PASCAL IBE &lt;pascalibe1@mail.nu&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200402170313.i1H3DSDf031908@informer.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title>FROM: PASCAL IBE</title>
</head>
<body><p>                  URGENT BUSINESS PLAN



DEAR PARTNER,

IN ORDER TO TRANSFER OUT ( TWENTY SIX MILLION U.S.DOLLARS)
FROM OUR BANK.

I HAVE THE COURAGE TO LOOK FOR A REALIABLE AND HONEST
PERSON WHO WILL BE CAPABLE FOR THIS IMPORTANT BUSINESS.
BELIEVING THAT YOU WILL NEVER LET ME DOWN
EITHER NOW OR IN FUTURE.

I AM MR. PASCAL IBE.THE MANAGER OF UNITED BANK OF AFRICA PLC (U.B.A).
THERE IS AN ACCOUNT OPENED IN THIS BANK IN 1980 AND SINCE
1990 NOBODYHAS OPERATED ON THIS ACCOUNT AGAIN.

AFTER GOING THROUGH SOME OLD FILES IN THE RECORDS I
DISCOVERED THAT IF I DO NOT REMITT THIS MONEY OUT
URGENTELY IT WILL FORFEITED FOR NOTHING.

THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS MR CLAYTON REIDFIELD A
FORIGNER AND THE MANAGER OF PETROL CHEMICAL SERVICE, A
CHEMICAL ENGINEER BY PROFFESSION AND HE DIED SINCE
1990. NO OTHER PERSON KNOWS ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT OR
ANYTHING CONCERNING IT, THE ACCOUNT HAS NO OTHER
BENEFICIARY AND MY INVESTIGATION PROVED TO ME AS WELL
THAT HIS COMPANY DOES NOT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS
ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT INVLOVED IS(U.S.$
26,000,000.00).

I WANT TO TRANSFER THIS MONEY INTO A SAFE FOREIGNERS
ACCOUNT ABROAD BUT I DON'T KNOW ANY FOREIGNER, I AM
ONLY CONTACTING YOU AS A FOREIGNER BECAUSE THIS MONEY
CAN NOT BE APPROVED TO ANY LOCAL BANK HERE BUT CAN
ONLY BE APPROVED TO ANY FOREIGN ACCOUNT BECAUSE THE
MONEY IS U.S DOLLARS AND THE FORMER OWNER OF THE
ACCOUNT IS MR CLAYTON REIDFIELD AND HE WAS A FOREIGNER
TOO.

I KNOW THAT THIS MESSAGE WILL COME TO YOU AS A
SURPRISE AS WE DON'T KNOW OUR SELF BEFORE, BUT BE SURE
THAT IT IS REAL AND A GENUINE BUSINESS.

I ONLY  GOT YOUR CONTACT FROM OUR CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE
SEARCHING WITH BELIEVE IN GOD THAT YOU WILL NEVER LET
ME DOWN IN THIS BUSINESS, YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON THAT
I HAVE CONTACTED FOR THIS BUSINESS FOR NOW. SO
PLEASE REPLY URGENTLY.

WHEN THE TRANSFER IS APPROVED AND PAYMENT SCHEDULE IS
ALLOCATED OVERSEAS, THROUGH THE OFFSHORE PAYING
DELEGATE FOR FINAL CLEARANCE AND SIGNING OF THE
PAYMENT RELEASE FORM BY THE BENEFICIARY, I WANT US TO
SEE AT THE OVERSEA PAYING CLEARANCE OFFICE FACE TO
FACE OR SIGNING  OF THE ORIGINAL BINDING AGREEMENT TO
BIND US TOGETHER  SO THAT WE CAN RECEIVE THIS MONEY
INTO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT OR ANY ACCOUNT OF YOUR CHOICE
WHERE YOU WANT THE FUND TO BE REMITTED.

I AM CONTACTING YOU BECAUSE OF THE NEED TO INVOLVE A
FOREIGNER WITH A FOREIGN ACCOUNT AS THE REAL
BENEFICIARY. I NEED YOUR CO-OPERATION TO MAKE THIS
WORK FINE, BECAUSE THE MANAGEMENT IS READY TO APPROVE
THIS MONEY TO ANY FOREIGNER WHO HAS THE CORRECT
INFORMATION TO THIS ACCOUNT.

WHICH I WILL GIVE TO YOU WHEN SURE OF YOUR CAPABILITY
TO HANDLE SUCH AMOUNT IN STRICT CONFIDENCE AND TRUST,
ACCORDING TO MY INSTRUCTIONS AND MY ADIVICE FOR OUR
MUTUAL BENEFIT BECAUSE I DON'T WANT TO MAKE ANY
MISTAKE, I NEED YOUR STRONG ASSURANCE AND TRUST.

I SHALL DESTROYED ALL DOCUMENT CONCERNING THIS
TRANSACTIONS IMMEDIATELY WE RECEIVED THIS MONEY
LEAVING NO TRACE TO ANY PLACE.

I WILL USE MY POSITION AND INFLUENCE ON OTHER STAFFS
TO EFFECT LEGAL APPROVALS AND ONWARD TRANSFER OF THIS
MONEY TO YOUR ACCOUNT WITH APPROPRIATE CLEARANCE FROM
FOREIGN PAYMENT DEPARTMENT.

WITH ASSURANCE THAT THIS MONEY WILL INTACT PENDING MY
PHYSICAL ARRIVAL IN YOUR COUNTRY FOR THE SHARING AND
OTHER INVESTMENT.

AT THE CONCLUSION OF THIS BUSINESS, YOU WILL BE GIVEN
25% OF THE TOTAL AMMOUNT, 70% WILL BE FOR ME, WHILE 5%
WILL BE FOR EXPENSES , BOTH PARTIES MIGHT HAVE
INCURED DURING THE PROCESS OF THIS TRANSACTION.

I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR EARLIEST REPLY THROUGH THE E
MAIL AS AT ABOVE OR HROUGH MY PRIVATE E MAIL ADDRESS:
[richcoll88@tatanova.com]

YOURS TRULY,

MR. PASCAL IBE.


</p>

</body></html>