<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="COMPLIMENT, PLEASE I NEED YOUR ASIASTANCE," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;mariam abacha&quot; &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt; COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON TO YOU" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mariam abacha &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mariam_9999@atlas.cz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-18T17:57:04Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mariam_9999@atlas.cz other American, Europe and Asian continents, It has been in both the l=" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mariam_9999@atlas.cz" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1250 this fund is save for me for your account in your country=2E" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mariam_9999@atlas.cz other American, Europe and Asian continents, It has been in both the l=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1250" />
<meta name="MboxParser-no" content="28b ABACHA'S CRESCENT GIDADO BY CLOSE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;563dfc5c9b0247538c2c5db0a5bf46d2@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="COMPLIMENT, PLEASE I NEED YOUR ASIASTANCE," />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable you and I will be delighted too much to receive a positive response fr=" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;563dfc5c9b0247538c2c5db0a5bf46d2@atlas.cz&gt; FIFTY- MILLION=2EDOLLARS]which my late husband had hidden from the Nig=" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;mariam abacha&quot; &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt; COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON TO YOU" />
<meta name="creator" content="mariam abacha &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;mariam abacha&quot; &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt; COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON TO YOU" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mariam abacha &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-18T17:57:04Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=windows-1250 this fund is save for me for your account in your country=2E" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-18T17:57:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 (Normal) of the money=2EOn your identification and confirmation from" />
<meta name="MboxParser-n" content="B PLEASE YOU CAN CONTACT ME ON MY PRIVENT MAILBOX(mariam_9999@fsmail=2E=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3 (Normal)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Feb 18 12:57:57 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt; =20" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 all your efforts and 5% will be for whatever expenses that will be inc=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="mariam abacha" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;mariam abacha&quot; &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt; COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON TO YOU" />
<meta name="Author" content="mariam abacha &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-713" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mariam abacha &lt;mariam_9999@atlas.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;563dfc5c9b0247538c2c5db0a5bf46d2@atlas.cz&gt; FIFTY- MILLION=2EDOLLARS]which my late husband had hidden from the Nig=" />
<title>COMPLIMENT, PLEASE I NEED YOUR ASIASTANCE,</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MRS MARIAM ABACHA
NO:28b ABACHA'S CRESCENT GIDADO BY CLOSE
KANO - NIGERIA.

DEAR PATINER,
       
               COMPLIMENT OF THE SEASON TO YOU

I am mrs.mariam Abacha, the wife to the late Head of State, of the federal Republic of Nigeria from 1993 -1998 - General Sani Abacha. My late husband made a lot of money as the Head of state of Nigeria for 5years. He has different accounts in many banks of the world. He has not left any stone unturned in accruing riches for his family.

The present democratic government of Nigeria led by President (Gen.) (Rtd)Olusegun Obasanjo has not find favour with my family since their inception. This may be as a result of his hatred for my late husband who kept him in jail for over two years for a coup attempt, before the death of my  husband. He was released immediately my husband died and he was later made the present President.

He has confiscated and frozen all my family account in Nigeria and some other American, Europe and Asian continents, It has been in both the local and international news. 

Now, my purpose of all these introduction and proposal is just seeking for your candid assistance in saving this sum 0f $50.000,000.00 USD FIFTY- MILLION.DOLLARS]which my late husband had hidden from the Nigerian govt.during his regime. and which is presently somewhere in a financial and security company outside the entire Nigeria and West African region.

This is a huge sum of money, I cannot trust much on most saboteur friends of my family in Nigeria who could not be trusted. I got your contact through a search made on net for a trustworthy person . I deemed it necessary to contact you for this trustworthy transaction.

All whom I needed is a sincere, honest, trustworthy and God-fearing individuals whom my mind will absolve to help me in this deal.If you have feelings about my situation, don't hesitate to stand for me. If my proposal is sudden to you, all I need now is for you to standas the Beneficiary ofthis money to claim it and save for me. There is no difficulty, I will send your name as the recipient as well as the beneficiary of the money.On your identification and confirmation from
me, the fund will be handle to you.

All i need is your confirmention of willingness and i will give you the full details. You will be compensated with 25% of the total fund for all your efforts and 5% will be for whatever expenses that will be incurred, while 70% is to be used in buying share in any company  provided this fund is save for me for your account in your country.

Please this is a very serious matter, it is a save my soul request from you and I will be delighted too much to receive a positive response from you in order to move into action. I will give you details on request from you.

N:B PLEASE YOU CAN CONTACT ME ON MY PRIVENT MAILBOX(mariam_9999@fsmail.net)

THANKS

YOURS FAITHFULLY

MRS M ABACHA.








</p>

</body></html>