<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS  PROPUSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR TONY  OBA" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O me immediately with your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of kin. &lt;BR&gt;2)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; We shall employ the services of two attorneys for drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favor for the transfer. &lt;BR&gt;3)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; A bank account in any part of the world, which you provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin of Mr.Barry Kelly. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you.&lt;BR&gt;There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private email!" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-1478053826-1077216735=:90261&quot; from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I found out that he did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any next of kin in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork. This sum of US$11,600,000.00 is still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will come forward to claim it. According to the Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 6{Six} years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Barry Kelly so that the fruits of this old man’s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials. This is simple;&lt;BR&gt;1)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; I will like you to!" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tonyoba32001@yahoo.co.uk Yahoo! Messenger - Communicate instantly...&quot;Ping&quot; your friends today! Download Messenger Now" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tonyoba32001@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="tonyoba32001@yahoo.co.uk Yahoo! Messenger - Communicate instantly...&quot;Ping&quot; your friends today! Download Messenger Now" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-1478053826-1077216735=:90261" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040219185215.91394.qmail@web86101.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS  PROPUSAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;div&gt;from" content="MR TONY&amp;nbsp; OBA&lt;BR&gt;REPLY MY MAIL THROUGH THIS EMAIL ADDRESS: &lt;U&gt;&lt;FONT color=#0000ff&gt;&lt;A href=&quot;mailto:ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk&quot;&gt;ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/U&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Dear Sir/Madam, &lt;BR&gt;I am Mr Baldwin Gozie, Bank Manager of Diamond BANK , Lagos Branch. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.I got your contact from the World Trade Center (W.T.C) regional office in Lagos,Nigeria although the details of my intention was not made known to them. On June 6 1997, an American oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr. Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed) deposited for twelve calendar months, valued at US$11,600,000.00 (Eleven Million,Six Hundred Thousand Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Barry Ke!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit provide" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040219185215.91394.qmail@web86101.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; igation" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR TONY  OBA" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR TONY  OBA" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1478053826-1077216735=" content="90261" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1478053826-1077216735=" content="90261 below. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand. Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Awaiting your urgent reply via email PLEASE REPLY MY MAIL THROUGH THIS EMAIL ADDRESS: &lt;U&gt;&lt;FONT color=#0000ff&gt;&lt;A href=&quot;mailto:ike_oba1@yahoo.co.ukThanks&quot;&gt;ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/U&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-1478053826-1077216735=" content="90261--" />
<meta name="format" content="multipart/alternative; boundary=&quot;0-1478053826-1077216735=:90261&quot; from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I found out that he did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any next of kin in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork. This sum of US$11,600,000.00 is still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will come forward to claim it. According to the Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 6{Six} years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Barry Kelly so that the fruits of this old man’s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials. This is simple;&lt;BR&gt;1)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; I will like you to!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tonyoba32001@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Feb 19 13:52:26 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tonyoba32001@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 lly died" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR TONY  OBA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR TONY  OBA" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-715" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040219185215.91394.qmail@web86101.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; igation" />
<title>BUSINESS  PROPUSAL</title>
</head>
<body>



 

From: MR TONY  OBA
REPLY MY MAIL THROUGH THIS EMAIL ADDRESS: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk">ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk</a>
Dear Sir/Madam, 
I am Mr Baldwin Gozie, Bank Manager of Diamond BANK , Lagos Branch. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.I got your contact from the World Trade Center (W.T.C) regional office in Lagos,Nigeria although the details of my intention was not made known to them. On June 6 1997, an American oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr. Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed) deposited for twelve calendar months, valued at US$11,600,000.00 (Eleven Million,Six Hundred Thousand Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Barry Ke!
 lly died
 from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I found out that he did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any next of kin in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork. This sum of US$11,600,000.00 is still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will come forward to claim it. According to the Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 6{Six} years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Barry Kelly so that the fruits of this old man’s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials. This is simple;
1)        I will like you to!
  provide
 me immediately with your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of kin. 
2)        We shall employ the services of two attorneys for drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favor for the transfer. 
3)        A bank account in any part of the world, which you provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin of Mr.Barry Kelly. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you.
There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private email!
  address
 below. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand. Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Awaiting your urgent reply via email PLEASE REPLY MY MAIL THROUGH THIS EMAIL ADDRESS: <a shape="rect" href="mailto:ike_oba1@yahoo.co.ukThanks">ike_oba1@yahoo.co.uk</a>

<a shape="rect" href="mailto:prince3ng2002@yahoo.co.uk" />Thanks and regards 
MR TONY  OBA





<p />


 <a shape="rect" href="http://uk.rd.yahoo.com/mail/tagline_messenger/*http://uk.messenger.yahoo.com"> 
Yahoo! Messenger</a> - Communicate instantly..."Ping" your friends 
today! <a shape="rect" href="http://uk.rd.yahoo.com/mail/tagline_messenger/*http://uk.messenger.yahoo.com/download/index.html">Download Messenger Now</a></body></html>