<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-NAI-Spam-Level" content="*****" />
<meta name="subject" content="**** Pouriel Possible **** REPLY SOON" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-23T15:04:38Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-nai-spam-level" content="*****" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="**** Pouriel Possible **** REPLY SOON" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-nai-spam-score" content="5.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200402231504.i1NF4cJj020368@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt; US_DOLLARS_3=0.8, NO_REAL_NAME=0.556" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="creator" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-nai-spam-rules" content="5 Rules triggered" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-23T15:04:38Z" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-23T15:04:38Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-NAI-Spam-Rules" content="5 Rules triggered	SUBJ_ALL_CAPS=1.413, PRIORITY_NO_NAME=1.322, DEAR_FRIEND=0.913, 	US_DOLLARS_3=0.8, NO_REAL_NAME=0.556" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-NAI-Spam-Score" content="5.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Feb 23 10:05:46 2004" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200402231504.i1NF4cJj020368@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-722" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MRBATESALAN@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200402231504.i1NF4cJj020368@aquaduct.cs.CU&gt; US_DOLLARS_3=0.8, NO_REAL_NAME=0.556" />
<title>**** Pouriel Possible **** REPLY SOON</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for 
me, because, I believe everyone will die someday. 
My name is BATES ALAN a merchant in Dubai, in the 
U.A.E.I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer.
It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now 
I have only about a few months to live, according to medical experts. 
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I 
never really cared for anyone(not even myself)but my 
business. Though I am very rich, I was never 
generous, I was always hostile to people and only 
focused on my business as that was the only thing I 
cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know 
that there is more to life than just wanting to have 
or make all the money in the world. 
I believe when God gives me a second chance to come 
to this world I would live my life a different way 
from how I have lived it. Now that God has called 
me, I have willed and given most of my property 
and assets to my immediate and extended family 
members as well as a few close friends. 
I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul 
so, I have decided to give alms to charity 
organizations, as I want this to be one of the last 
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed 
money to some charity organizations in the U.A.E, 
Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has 
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself 
anymore. I once asked members of my family to close one 
of my accounts and distribute the money which I have 
there to charity organization in Bulgaria and 
Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to 
themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as 
they seem not to be contended with what I have left 
for them. 
The last of my money which no one knows of is the 
huge cash deposit of eighteen million dollars 
$18,000,000,00 that I have with a finance/Security Company 
abroad. I will want you to help me collect this deposit 
and dispatched it to charity organizations.
I have set aside 10% for you and for your time.
God be with you. 
BATES ALAN

</p>

</body></html>