<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;pikka saaiman&quot; &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="pikka saaiman &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-24T17:31:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="psaaiman2@mail.az" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="psaaiman2@mail.az" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="psaaiman2@mail.az" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="psaaiman2@mail.az" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="psaaiman2@mail.az" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;2801.80.88.130.35.1077643913.squirrel@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="psaaiman2@mail.az" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;2801.80.88.130.35.1077643913.squirrel@mail.az&gt; Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details that will" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;pikka saaiman&quot; &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="pikka saaiman &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;pikka saaiman&quot; &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="pikka saaiman &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-24T17:31:53Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-24T17:31:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;        Tue, 24 Feb 2004 21:31:53 +0400 (AZT)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 24 12:34:06 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt; Tue, 24 Feb 2004 21:31:53 +0400 (AZT) Upon maturity of the deposit,The bank sent a routine notification to his" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="pikka saaiman" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;pikka saaiman&quot; &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="pikka saaiman &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-725" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="pikka saaiman &lt;psaaiman2@mail.az&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;2801.80.88.130.35.1077643913.squirrel@mail.az&gt; Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details that will" />
<title>URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>Mr PIKKA SAAIMAN

LAND AND AGRICULTURAL BANK.
192 Visagie St, cnr Paul Kruger, Pretoria
Republic Of South Africa.


Dear Sir/Madam,
I am Mr Pikka Saaiman, General Manager(Treasury) of Land Bank,South
Africa.This is an urgent and very confidential business proposition.


I am in a position to influence the transfer of 
US$26,500,000.00,(Twenty-six Million, five hundred thousand Dollars). 
This fund was deposited by a customer who was a foreign contractor with
the South African Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.

 Upon maturity of the deposit,The bank sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month,we sent a reminder and
finally we discovered from his contract employers,South African Institute
of Mining and Metallurgy, that Mr.paul bryson was dead.On further
investigation,I found out  from his attorney that he died without making
a WILL,and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.paul bryson
did not declare any kin or relations in all his official
documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of
US$26,500,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping.
&gt;From our records the funds was deposited in the year 2000 and  according
to south african Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will
revert to the ownership of the Government if nobody applies to claim the
fund.

I will need you to stand in as his next of kin,i have already made
arrangements with an attorney who will prepare all the necessary documents
that will make this possible as i will follow all the necessary protocols
and laws governing inheritance in my country.

I am willing to offer you 40% of the funds so that i can gaurantee your
commitment to this project.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address  and 
 Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details that will
help you understand how i plan to implement this project.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall
require your assistance to invest my share in real estate within your
country.

Due to the nature of confidentiality in this Transaction our
communication can only be via email and fax mostly.

Awaiting your urgent reply

Thanks and my regards.

pikka saaiman

</p>

</body></html>