<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr John Obi." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="johnobi@glomamail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="johnobi@glomamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="johnobi@glomamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040225004406.19630.qmail@web106.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040225004406.19630.qmail@web106.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt; so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr John Obi." />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr John Obi." />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-address" content="johnobi222@myway.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johnobi@glomamail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Feb 24 19:44:14 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johnobi@glomamail.com&gt; According to Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr John Obi." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr John Obi." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-727" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040225004406.19630.qmail@web106.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt; so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE </title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mr John Obi.
Lagos-Nigeria.
24/2/04.

Dear Sir,
I am Mr. John Obi, I work with Standard Financial
Trust in Lagos 
office.
I have urgent and very confidential business
proposition for you. On 
July
6, 1999, our customer/Civil Engineer with the BM
Interiors Corporation 
Company,
Mr. Charles Anderson made a numbered time (Fixed)
Deposit for twelve 
calendar
months, valued at US$11, 450, 000, 00 and in our
Bahamas branch.  Upon 
maturity,
our bank in Bahamas sent a routine notification to us
here in Nigeria 
and
we forwarded it to his forwarding address but got no
reply.   After a 
month,
we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract 
employers,
the BM Interiors Corporation Company that Mr. Charles
Anderson died 
from
an automobile accident. On further investigation, I
found out that he 
died
without making a WILL and all attempts to trace his
next of kin were 
fruitless.
I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr. Charles 
Anderson
did not declare any kin or relations in all his
official documents, 
including
his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of
US$11,450,000.00 is 
still
sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled
over with the 
principal
sum at the end of each year.  No one will ever come
forward to claim 
it.
 According to Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5
(five) years, the 
money
will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian
Government if nobody 
applies
to claim the fund.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as
an individual to 
stand
in as the next of kin to Mr. Charles Anderson so that
the fruits of 
this
old man's labour will not get into the hands of some
corrupt government
officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide
immediately your

1] name and contact adress
2] your private telephone and fax number

 so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary
documents and 
affidavits
which will put you in place as the next of kin.   We
shall employ the 
service
of two lawyers for drafting and notarization of the
WILL and to obtain 
the
necessary documents and letter of
probate/administration in your favor 
for
the transfer.  A bank account in any part of the world
which you will 
provide
will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you
as the 
beneficiary/next
of kin.  The money will be paid into your account for
us to share in 
the
ratio of 70% for me, 25% for you while 5% is for
expenses.
There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will 
be
done by the lawyer and my position in the bank
guarantees the 
successful
execution of this transaction. If you are interested,
please reply 
immediately
via email address above.
Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest
assured that this 
transaction
would be most profitable for both of us because I
shall require your 
assistance
to invest my share in your country.
Thanks and regards.
Mr John Obi.N/B
Send your response to my confidential email
address:johnobi222@myway.com



</p>

</body></html>