<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="SOLICITING YOUR ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR.LUISA ESTRADA&quot; &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR.LUISA ESTRADA &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-02-28T09:32:33Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="drluisaestrada1@philippines.to" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="drluisaestrada1@philippines.to" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SOLICITING YOUR ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200402281831.i1SIVGFs024651@cryforhelp.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR.LUISA ESTRADA&quot; &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR.LUISA ESTRADA &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR.LUISA ESTRADA&quot; &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR.LUISA ESTRADA &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-02-28T09:32:33Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-02-28T09:32:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;	by unforgiven.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i1SIVKh28826	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sat, 28 Feb 2004 13:31:20 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb 28 13:31:20 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt; by unforgiven.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i1SIVKh28826 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sat, 28 Feb 2004 13:31:20 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200402281831.i1SIVGFs024651@cryforhelp.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR.LUISA ESTRADA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR.LUISA ESTRADA&quot; &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR.LUISA ESTRADA &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-732" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR.LUISA ESTRADA &lt;mrsluisaestrada1@emailaccount.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200402281831.i1SIVGFs024651@cryforhelp.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>SOLICITING YOUR ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear  freind,

This is a proposal in context but actually an appeal
soliciting
for your unreserved assistance in carrying out  an
urgent
transaction requiring maximum confidence. Though this
approach
appears desperate, I can assure you that whatever
questions you would need to ask or any other thing you
will
need to know regarding this proposal will be
adequately
answered to give you a clearer understanding of it, so
as to
arrive at a successful conclusion.
My name is Dr Pimentel luisa Estrada, wife of His
Excellency
Joseph Estrada, former President of The Philippines.
My husband
was impeached from office by a backed uprising
of mass
demonstrators and the Senate and is presently in jail
on
trumped up charges of corruption, embezzlement, and
the mysterious
charge of economy plunder which might lead to death
sentence.
The present government is forcing my husband out of
Manila to
avoid demonstration by his supporters. As God would
have it,i realised some
reasonable amount of money from various deals that I
successfully executed, during my husband's regime as
President
of Philippines. I have plans to invest this money for
my
children's future on real estate and industrial
production.
I have carefully moved out these funds (US$30
million), before
my husband was impeached to an offshore Deposit
Company
in the European Union. My husband is not aware of this
because
I want to handle it secretly for obvious resons.
&gt;From past experiences, many people I had regarded as
close
friends has capitalized on my family's travail to run
away with
my money. In order to avert this negative development,

My son and i now seek your permission to
allow my
attorney do a CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP/REASSIGNMENT OF
CREDIT of the stated
funds from the deposit company to your name, so that
the funds (US$30million) would be released to you as
the new
owner (on my familys behalf).
I am writing because when I deposited the money in the
deposit
company, I told them that it belonged to a foreign
business
partner and my present position will not allow me to
claim the
funds. Consequently, I will present you as the owner
of the
funds in the Deposit Company so you can be able to
claim the funds. This
is simple. I will like you to provide immediately;

1. Full names
2. Contact address
3. Telephone and fax numbers

Once I receive this information, I will prepare the
necessary
documents that will put you in place as the new owner
of the
funds.
The money will then be released to your custody by the
Deposit
Company, for us to share in the ratio of 70% for us
and 30% for
you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for
this
transaction will be done by the solicitor and this
will
guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via my
email
address. Upon your response, I shall then introduce
you to my
son who is going to liaise with you for further
explanation that
will help you understand the transaction.
No doubt this proposal will make you apprehensive,
please we
employ you to observe utmost confidentiality and rest
assured
that this transaction would be most profitable for
both of us
because we shall require your assistance to invest our
share in
your country (buying of properties like houses, hotels
etc).
This is why your urgent action and response is of
priority to
enable us concluded this transaction in a timely and
professional
manner..

Please reply me  AT the email address below , my
personal email ,

Email : drluisaestrada1@philippines.to

For utmost confidentiality sake.

I do expect to hear from you shortly , but if you are
not interested ,
please accept my unreserved apology.



Thanks and regards
Dr.(Mrs.) Luisa Estrada





</p>

</body></html>