<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040303071149.41928.qmail@web107.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="subject" content="Please Understand" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="starrast@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="starrast@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="starrast@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;bosilamah2004@starrast.com&gt;	by fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i237BpI20682	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 3 Mar 2004 02:11:51 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar  3 02:11:57 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;bosilamah2004@starrast.com&gt; by fistfulofdollars.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i237BpI20682 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 3 Mar 2004 02:11:51 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040303071149.41928.qmail@web107.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Please Understand" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-737" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040303071149.41928.qmail@web107.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<title>Please Understand</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF:
MR.WANG QIN
HANG SENG BANK LTD.
DES VOEUX RD.BRANCH
CENTRAL HONG KONG
HONG KONG.

I am Mr.Wang Qin, credit officer of Hang Seng Bank
Ltd. I have an urgent and very confidential business
proposition for you.

On June 6, 1998, a British Oil consultant/contractor
with the Chinese Solid Minerals Corporation, Mr. Smith
Lawrence made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for
twelve calendar months, valued at $48,000,000.00
(Forty-eight Million American Dollars only) in my
branch.

Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers, the Hong Kong Solid Minerals
Corporation that Mr. Smith Lawrence died from an
auto-mobile accident.

On further investigation, I found out that he died
without making a WILL,and all attempts to trace his
next of kin was fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr.Smith Lawrence did not declare any kin or
relations in all his official documents,including his
Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank.This sum of
$48,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the
interest is being rolled over with the principal sum
at the end ofeach year. No one will ever come forward
to claim it.

According to Laws of Hong Kong, at the expiration of
(five) years,the money will revert to the ownership of
the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim
the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Smith
Lawrence so that the fruits of this old man's labor
will not get into the hands of some corrupt government
officials.

This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately
your full names and address so that the attorney will
prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that
will put you in place as the next of kin.We shall
employ the services of an attorney for drafting and
notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary
documents and letter of probate/administration in your
favor for the transfer.

A bank account in any part of the world that you will
provide the will, then facilitate the transfer of this
money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.

The money will be paid into your account for us to
share in the ratio of 70%for me and 25% for you and 5%
for Expenses Incurred in the course of the transaction
.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the attorney and with my
position as the credit officer guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction. If you are
interested, please reply immediately to my email box.

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more
details and relevant documents that will help you
understand the transaction.

Please send me your confidential telephone and fax
numbers for easy communication.

You should observe utmost confidentiality, and rest
assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because I shall require your assistance
to invest my share in your country.

For confidentiality Reasons, I advice that to respond
strictly to this email address:w_qin@fastermail.com.
Aaiting your response.

Regards,
Wang Qin
Reply Strictly to: w_qin@fastermail.com





</p>

</body></html>