<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="212.199.108.242" />
<meta name="subject" content="SOLID PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-05T23:59:43Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1078531183.4049146fe4742@www.postino.punto.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="SOLID PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1078531183.4049146fe4742@www.postino.punto.it&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="creator" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-05T23:59:43Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-05T23:59:43Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cromjohn@postino.it&gt;	by enforcer.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i26007211076	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Fri, 5 Mar 2004 19:00:07 -0500 (EST)	by www.postino.punto.it (IMP) with HTTP 	for &lt;cromjohn@postino.it@212.34.224.143&gt;; Sat,  6 Mar 2004 00:59:43 +0100" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Mar  5 19:00:13 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cromjohn@postino.it&gt; by enforcer.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i26007211076 for &lt;R@M&gt;; Fri, 5 Mar 2004 19:00:07 -0500 (EST) by www.postino.punto.it (IMP) with HTTP for &lt;cromjohn@postino.it@212.34.224.143&gt;; Sat,  6 Mar 2004 00:59:43 +0100 PLEASE REPLY THIS MAIL TO MY CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="Author" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="212.199.108.242" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-738" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="cromjohn@postino.it" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1078531183.4049146fe4742@www.postino.punto.it&gt; " />
<title>SOLID PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM CROCOMBE JOHNSON.
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT.
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
DEXTRA BANK, GRAND CAYMAN, CAYMAN ISLANDS, B.W.I.
 PLEASE REPLY THIS MAIL TO MY CONFIDENTIAL
ADDRESS-(crocombe2000@702mail.co.za}
 

I am CROCOMBE JOHNSON, the Director in charge of
auditing
and
accounting section of DEXTRA BANK, GRAND CAYMAN,
CAYMAN ISLANDS.

I have decided to contact you on a business
transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us
at the end of the transaction.

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my
department came across a very huge sum of money
belonging to a deceased person who died on August 1997
in a plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his
account with this bank without any claim of the fund
in our custody either from his family or relation
before our discovery to this development.

Although personally, I kept this information secret
within myself and my partner to enable the whole plans
and idea be pofitable and
successful during the time of execution.

The said amount was USD$28m (twenty eight million
united states dollars).

I am glad to say that with the introduction of
internet and,I was opportuned and pleasured to have
come across your contact through this satellite
media.As it may intrest you to know

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over
this fund as the
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required
approval and transfer this money to a foriegn account
has been put in place and
directives and needed information will be relayed to
you as soon as you indicate your interest and
willingness to assist us and also benefit your self to
this great business opportunity.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because
of my position in this country as a civil servant, we
are not allowed to operate a foriegn account and would
eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the
time of transfer because, I work in this bank.

This is the actual reason why it will require a second
party or fellow who will forward claims as the next of
kin with affidavit of trust
of Oath to this bank and also present a foriegn
account where he will need the money to be
retransfered into on his request as it may be after
due verification and clarification by designation bank
account.

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is
100% risk free.

On smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be
entitiled to 30% of the total sum as gratification,
while 10% will be set aside to take care of expenses
that may arise during the time of transfer both local
and international like telephone bills,e-mail bills
include the documents fees, while 60% will be for me
and my partner.

Please,you have been adviced to keep top secret as we
are still in service and intend to retire from service
after we conclude this deal with you.

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this
bank until you confirm the money in your account.And
ask us to come down to your
country for subsequent sharing of the fund according
to percentages previously indicated and further
investment,either in your country or any country you
advice us to invest in.

All other necessary information will be sent to you
when I hear from you.

I suggest you get back to me as soon as possible
stating your wish in this deal.

Yours faithfully,

CROCOMBE JOHNSON.
 NOTE-MAKE SURE THAT THE REPLY TO THIS PROPOSAL GOES
TO MY CONFIDENTIAL E-MAIL
ADDRESS(crocombe2000@702mail.co.za)







</p>

</body></html>