<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="OFFER" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.ureach.com/reg/tag" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-vsuite-type" content="e" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-08T08:21:14Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="Text/Plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="&lt;cynthiapepple@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="OFFER" />
<meta name="MboxParser-introduction" content="l am MISS.CYNTHIA PEPPLE first daugther to my" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-re" content="ACCEPTANCE / INVESTMENT PROPOSAL " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200403080821.DAA03530@www21.ureach.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="Text/Plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-08T08:21:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="Text/Plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-08T08:21:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cynthiap@ureach.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar  8 03:23:21 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-vsuite-type" content="e" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cynthiap@ureach.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200403080821.DAA03530@www21.ureach.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-to" content="&lt;cynthiapepple@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-740" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200403080821.DAA03530@www21.ureach.com&gt;" />
<title>OFFER</title>
</head>
<body><p>MISS.CYNTHIA PEPPLE 
Sir/Madam, 


RE:ACCEPTANCE / INVESTMENT PROPOSAL 

INTRODUCTION: l am MISS.CYNTHIA PEPPLE first daugther to my
late father and also a Civil Servant in 
the Ministry of Health. l know this proposal will come 
to you as a surprise because we have not met before 
either physically or through correspondence. 
I got your contact through a friend working with 
chamber of commerce here 
in Nigeria who have travelled far and wide and have no
doubt in your ability to handle 
this proposal involving huge sum of money. 

THE SUBJECT: My Father CHIEF. Dominic pepple(Now Late) 
was the Royal Head of my community, ELEME (an oil rich 
town) in Nigeria. My community produces 5.8% of the 
total crude oil production in Nigeria and 0.5% of the 
Dollar value of each barrel is paid to my father as 
royalty by the Federal Government. My father was also 
the Chairman of ELEME Special Oil Trust Fund. 
In his position as the Royal head and Chairman of the 
Oil Trust Fund, he made some money which he left for 
me as the only heir to inherit.The money is FIVE
Million Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars($5.5m). 
This Money originated from the accumulated royalties 
between 1976-1998 . 

Due to poor banking system in Nigeria and political 
instability as a result of past Military rules 
(1985-1999) , he deposited this Money in a VAULTS 
" with an open beneficiary to a security company 
pending when he would finish arrangement to get
assistant  abroad. He was planning this when he 
suddenly 
died late last year of Heart Attack. 

THE PROPOSAL: Just before my Father died he called my 
attention to the money and charged me to look for a 
foreigner who would assist me in accepting/investment of
the funds abroad. So l would be 
very grateful if you could accept to help me achieve 
this great objective. I promise to give you 20% of the 
total funds as compensation for your assistance. Five
percent 
(5%)would be set aside to take care of any expenses we 
may incure during the transaction. To indicate your 
interest, contact me urgently and confidentially 
for more information and the roles you will play in 
this 
business. All the legal Documents concerning this 
Money will be sent to you as soon as we agreed 
together. Send your reply through this box please. 
May the almighty God bless you. 

Yours faithfully 
MISS CYNTHIA PEPPLE



________________________________________________
Get your own "800" number
Voicemail, fax, email, and a lot more
http://www.ureach.com/reg/tag

</p>

</body></html>