<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT TRANSFER........." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="john_solomon14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="{john_solomon14@hotmail.com}or you call me on" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040309085904.35011.qmail@web20727.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="john_solomon14@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT TRANSFER........." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040309085904.35011.qmail@web20727.mail.yahoo.com&gt; Thirty nine million Five hundred thousand United" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;john_solomon29@yahoo.ca&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar  9 03:59:09 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;john_solomon29@yahoo.ca&gt; RE  TRANSFER OF ($ 39,500.000.00 USD THIRTY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-741" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040309085904.35011.qmail@web20727.mail.yahoo.com&gt; Thirty nine million Five hundred thousand United" />
<title>URGENT TRANSFER.........</title>
</head>
<body><p>Box 1287 Port Shepstone
Chaka -South Africa.

       RE  TRANSFER OF ($ 39,500.000.00 USD THIRTY 
NINE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS] 

Dear Sir,

We want to transfer to overseas ($$ 39,500.000.00 USD)
 Thirty nine million Five hundred thousand United
States Dollars) from a Prime Bank in Africa, I want 
to  ask you to quietly  look for a reliable and honest
person who will be capable and fit to provide either
an existing bank account or to set up a new  Bank a/c
immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c
can serve to receive this funds quitely.

I am Dr.John Solomon.,the accountant and personal
confidant  to  Dr. Ravindra F. Shah who died together
with his wife  Dr.Mrs.  Manjula Parikh-Shah in a plane
crash on the 1st Oct. 2003 on their way to attend
wedding in Boston. 

Mr. Ravindra F. Shah, is an American, a physician and
industrialist, he died last year without having any
beneficiary to his assets including his account here
in South Africa which he opened in a prime bank in the
year 2000 as his personal savings for the purpose of
expansion and developement of his company before his
untimely death in 2003.

The amount involved is (USD 39,500,000.00)Thirty Nine
Million Five Hundred Thousand USD,  no other person
knows about this account, I am contacting you for us
to transfer this funds to your account as the
beneficiary, I want to first transfer $9,500.000.00
(nine million five hundred thousand USD)   from this
money into a safe  account abroad, after which we will
transfer the remaining (30M) but I don't know any
foreigner, I am only contacting you as a foreigner
because this money can not be approved to a local
person here, without valid international foreign
passport, but can only be approved to any foreigner
with valid international passport or drivers license
and foreign a/c because the money is in US Dollars and
the former owner of the a/c Mr.Ravindra F. Shah is a
foreigner too, and as such the money can only be
approved into a foreign a/c.

However,  I am revealing this to you with believe in
God that you will never let me down in this business,
you are the first and the only person that I
am contacting for this business, so please reply
urgently so that I will inform you the next step to
take urgently. Send also your private telephone and
fax number including the full details of the account
to be used for the deposit.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine.
because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account, which I will give to you, upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you are
capable and will meet up with instruction of a key
bank official who is deeply involved with me in this
business.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
50% of the total amount, 50% will be for me, we will
bear the working cost together through the process of
transfer to get payment approvals.

I look forward to your earliest reply through my
Email:{john_solomon14@hotmail.com}or you call me on
+871-763-649-685, +874-763-649-685, +870-763-649-685.

Sincerely,

John Solomon.






______________________________________________________________________ 
Post your free ad now! http://personals.yahoo.ca

</p>

</body></html>