<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040309154622.22584.qmail@web107.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt; My name is DR.JERRY M AHMED   a member of the" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="subject" content="urgent buiness proposal" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jerryahmedjr@fsmail.net Please I enjoin you to handle this transaction with" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jerryahmedjr@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jerryahmedjr@fsmail.net Please I enjoin you to handle this transaction with" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jerryahmed@pcoleman.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar  9 10:47:07 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jerryahmed@pcoleman.net&gt; BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040309154622.22584.qmail@web107.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="urgent buiness proposal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-742" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040309154622.22584.qmail@web107.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt; My name is DR.JERRY M AHMED   a member of the" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<title>urgent buiness proposal</title>
</head>
<body><p>Name-DR JERRY M AHMED  
Email-(jerrymahmed@regards.net)


                        BUSINESS PROPOSAL


 My name is DR.JERRY M AHMED   a member of the 
Presidential Task Force on
Oil Spillage Clean-up. Early last yearthere was a
major oil spillage in
the Niger Delta Region of Nigeria which rendered over
70% of the
communities homeless.The contract was handled by a
foreign firm but
because of the huge monetary profit we envisaged, we
decided to
over-invoice the contract
sum. Now the contract has been completed and the
original contractor has
since been paid,but the contract balance of US$31.50
million(THIRTY-ONE
MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES
DOLLARS),which resulted from
the over invoiced contract sum that has been left in a
suspense account
with the CENTRAL BANK of NIGERIA,is what me and my
partners are planning
to take out of the country for ourselves.The problem
is as government
officials,we are not suppose to own fat bank
accounts,talk less of having
foreign ones.

To this end, we are soliciting your assistance as a
foreign partner who
can assist us and receive this amount into your
account. We are ready to
share this money with you on the basis of
participation. We also have
plans to invest part of this money in any viable
business in your country
under your care,as we are nearing our retirement age.

In any case, I received a reference of
you/organization from the Nigeria
Chambers of Commerce and Industry 'Foreign Trade
Division' as a reputable
organ that can assist us on this transaction. Please
if you accept my
proposal do not hesitate to send me a send me an
e-mail  so that I can
provide you with the basic procedures for the release
of the fund.

It does not matter whether you or your company does
contract project of
the nature described here, the assumption is that you
won a major contract
and subcontracted it to another company, more often
thannot, big trading
companies or individuals of unrelated field win major
contracts here in
Nigeria and subcontracts same to more specialized
firms for execution.

 BENEFIT: For providing the account where we shall
remit this money, you
will be entitled to 25% of the entire funds, 70% will
be for me and my
partners,while 5% has been set aside to cover any
expenses that may be
incurred by both parties during this transaction, both
local and
international.

 Please I enjoin you to handle this transaction with
utmost degree of
maturity and confidentiality because I am still in
active government
service with the"NIGERIAN NATIONAL PETROLEUM
CORPORATION". If I receive
your response on time, this whole transaction could be
accomplished within
the shortest possible time based on your interest and
determination,since the money is already in transit.

Awaiting your urgent response and thanks for your
anticipated co operation

Yours faithfully,

Dr.JERRY M AHMED  

REPLY TO (jerrymahmed@regards.net)











</p>

</body></html>