<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="NEED URGENT ASSISTANCE FOR FOREIGN INVESTMENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl that her survival will depend on how much she can get out of the" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-15T15:08:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M make other contacts and please try  to keep this letter tight secret for the" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M make other contacts and please try  to keep this letter tight secret for the" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="NEED URGENT ASSISTANCE FOR FOREIGN INVESTMENT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200403151508.i2FF85jg000312@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt; with you. I inherited this funds from my mother. This funds was generated" />
<meta name="creator" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl that her survival will depend on how much she can get out of the" />
<meta name="creator" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;	charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Library" content="Indy 9.0.3-B" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl that her survival will depend on how much she can get out of the" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-15T15:08:10Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-15T15:08:10Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;johnkabilaa@rt.nl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Foxmail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar 15 10:08:10 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;johnkabilaa@rt.nl&gt; charset=&quot;US-ASCII&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200403151508.i2FF85jg000312@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="that her survival will depend on how much she can get out of the" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl that her survival will depend on how much she can get out of the" />
<meta name="Author" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Foxmail" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-749" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="johnkabilaa@rt.nl" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-library" content="Indy 9.0.3-B" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200403151508.i2FF85jg000312@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt; with you. I inherited this funds from my mother. This funds was generated" />
<title>NEED URGENT ASSISTANCE FOR FOREIGN INVESTMENT</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: JOHN KABILA
Baminda Cameroon
central Africa 
PHONE  002377898587
FAX        002373361683

Greetings,

In appreciation of your esteemed contact received through a reliable 
source and the choice of your country I wish to introduce myself, I am 
John Kabila the son of the late Democratic Republic of Congo President 
Laurent Desire Kabila of the blessed memory. 

;I know this letter might come to you as a surprise but I honestly have to 
solicit your attention to this assistance and foreingn investment. I write 
this letter in respect of my intention to invest the sum of  US $ 20 000,000.00
 with you. I inherited this funds from my mother. This funds was generated 
through the sale of Diamond and Timber when my father was the 
head of state. My mother though not her legal wife used her privilege 
position to engage in the business of Diamond and timber since she knows
 that her survival will depend on how much she can get out of the 
privilege situation.
When my father was assassinated on 16th January 01 by one of his 
bodyguards Lt. Rashidi Kasereke through the conspiracy of some Top Army 
officers that wanted to topple his government, I escaped to Cameroon 
because of the fear that I might be arrested by my half brother Lt. General Joseph 
Kabila the present head of state. Actually his mother and my mother are 
not in the best of relationship because of tussle for who among them 
will be the first lady and this ultimately affected us their children.

Considering the relationship between South Africa and the Democratic 
Republic of Congo new government, my mother advised me to leave for 
Cameroon for security reason, while the funds were deposited with a 
security Company.

On getting to cameroon where I have been living since then 
 I am seeking for a reliable foreigner who can assist me 
in moving this funds out for safe banking and profitable foreighn 
investment. 
Honestly I contacted you because I don't want to invest this funds in 
Cameroon nor Africa due to my status in my country as a result of my 
fathers death.
.And moreover I wouldn't want to take risk because this funds is all that I and my 
mother is depending on because my half brother has seized all my father's
assets and funds and left I and my mother empty handed without knowing 
that this funds was deposited at the security company. so this is why I 
decided that investing this funds abroad should be the best safest typy 
of adventure for me. I will be honoured if I can be given the privilege of 
investing this fund through your help.

In view of this plight, I expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough 
to respond to this distress call to save my mother and I from a 
hopeless future. And if you agree, I hereby agree to compensate your 
sincere and candid effort in this regard with 20% of the total fund and annual 
5% of the after tax returns on investment for the first three years. 
Thereafter, the terms shall be varied. 5% for expenses, which may arise 
during this transaction, fax and phone bills inclusive,When the fund 
($20,000,000.00) is moved into your discrete account, you will be 
allowed to draw 20% your favor, while the remaining 75% will be invested 
meaningfully for our future if possible in your area of business and 
deterrents sectors of the Economy in your country which are dividends 
yeilding.
Should you for any reason not interested,please kindly reach me so as to
 make other contacts and please try  to keep this letter tight secret for the 
interest of my family.

Best regards.


JOHN KABILA

</p>

</body></html>