<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM Graham Douglas" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Graham Douglas&quot; &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt; LAGOS - NIGERIA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Graham Douglas &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-01-19T12:57:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="douglas.graham@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;will1.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="attachment; filename=&quot;will1.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="graham_d01@go.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="===_SecAtt_000_1fpmcgobahwfwl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="graham_d01@go.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM Graham Douglas" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Graham Douglas&quot; &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt; LAGOS - NIGERIA" />
<meta name="creator" content="Graham Douglas &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Graham Douglas&quot; &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt; LAGOS - NIGERIA" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Graham Douglas &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-01-19T12:57:06Z" />
<meta name="format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;will1.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-01-19T12:57:06Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jan 19 07:57:46 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt; OKOBI &amp; ASSOCIATES" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Graham Douglas" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Graham Douglas&quot; &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt; LAGOS - NIGERIA" />
<meta name="Author" content="Graham Douglas &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-76" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Graham Douglas &lt;douglas.graham@caramail.com&gt;" />
<title>FROM Graham Douglas</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>FROM: BARRISTER Graham Douglas
      OKOBI &amp; ASSOCIATES
      LAGOS - NIGERIA

REPLY VIA THIS ADDRESS ONLY:
graham_d01@go.com

DEAR PARTNER,

MAY THE BLESSINGS OF THE MOST HIGH BE UPON YOU!
PLEASE AS YOU READ KINDLY OPEN THE WEBSITE FOR THISDAY


NEWSPAPEROF
MONDAY 18TH.MARCH 2002, VOL 8,NO.2521 FRONT PAGE AND
THAT OF

MONDAY
MAY 20TH., 2002.VOL 8, NO. 2584 AND TUESDAY SEPTEMBER
24TH.,

2002
INCLUDING ALL NEWSPAPER ABOUT THE TRUE STATE OF THINGS
FOR

FURTHER
DETAILS AT(WWW.THISDAYONLINE.COM ) SO THAT YOU KNOW
HOW

URGENT IT IS.
COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON. GRACE AND PEACE AND
LOVEFROM THIS

PART OF
THE ATLANTIC TO YOU. I HOPE MY LETTER DOESNOT CAUSE
YOU TOO

MUCH
EMBARRASSMENT AS I WRITE TO YOU IN GOOD FAITH. PLEASE

EXCUSE MY
INTRUSION INTO YOUR PRIVATE LIFE INTO YOUR PRIVATE
LIFE. I

AM BARRISTER Graham_Douglas, I REPRESENT MRS MARIAM
ABACHA,WIFE OF THE

LATE GEN.
SANI ABACHA, WHO WAS THE FORMER MILITARY HEAD OF STATE
IN

NIGERIA. HE
DIED IN 1998. SINCE HIS DEATH, THE FAMILY HAS BEEN
LOOSING A

LOT OF
MONEY DUE TO VINDICTIVE GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS WHO ARE
BENT ON

DEALING
WITH THE FAMILY. BASED ON THIS THEREFORE, THE FAMILY!

HAS ASKED ME TO SEEK FOR A FOREIGN PARTNER WHO CAN
WORK WITH

US AS TO
MOVE OUT THE TOTAL SUM OF US$75,000,000.00 (
SEVENTYFIVE

MILLION
UNITED STATES DOLLARS ), PRESENTLY IN THEIR
POSSESSION. THIS

MONEY
WAS OF COURSE, ACQUIRED BY THE LATE PRESIDENT AND IS
NOW

KEPT
SECRETLY BY THE FAMILY. THE SWISS GOVERNMENT HAS
ALREADY

FROZEN ALL
THE ACCOUNTS OF THE FAMILY IN SWITZERLAND, AND SOME
OTHER

OUNTRIES
WOULD SOON FOLLOW TO DO THE SAME. THIS BID BY SOME

GOVERNMENT
OFFICIALS TO DEAL WITH THIS FAMILY HAS MADE IT
NECESSARY

THAT WE SEEK
YOUR ASSISITANCE IN RECEIVING THIS MONEY AND IN
INVESTING IT

ON
BEHALF OF THE FAMILY. THIS MUST BE A JOINT VENTURE

TRANSACTION AND WE
MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER. SINCE THIS MONEY IS STILL
CASH,EXTRA

SECURITY
MEASURES HAVE BEEN TAKEN TO PROTECT IT FROM THEFT OR

SEIZURE. I HAVE
PERSONALLY WORKED OUT ALL MODALITIES FOR THE PEACEFUL

CONCLUSION OF
THIS TRANSACTION. THE TRANSACTION DEFINITELY WOULD BE

HANDLED IN
PHASES AND THE FIRST
PHASE WILL INVOLVE THE MOVING OF US$30,000,000.00(
THIRTY

MILLION
UNITED STATES DOLLARS ). MY CLIENTS ARE WILLING TO
GIVE YOU

A REASONABLE PERCENTAGE OF THIS MONEY AS SOON AS THE

TRANSACTION IS
CONCLUDED. I WILL, HOWEVER, BASED ON THE GROUNDS THAT
YOU

ARE WILLING
TO WORK WITH US AND ALSO ALL CONTENTIOUS ISSUES
DISCUSSED

BEFORE THE
COMMENCEMENT OF THIS TRANSACTION. YOU MAY ALSO DISCUSS
YOUR
PERCENTAGE BEFORE WE START TO WORK. AS SOON AS I HEAR
FROM

YOU, I
WILL GIVE YOU ALL NECESSARY DETAILS AS TO HOW WE
INTEND TO

CARRY OUT
THE WHOLE TRANSACTION. PLEASE, DO NOT ENTERTAIN ANY
FEARS,AS

ALL
NECESSARY MODALITIES ARE IN PLACE, AND I ASSURE YOU OF
ALL

SUCCESS
AND SAFETY IN THIS TRANSACTION. PLEASE, THIS
TRANSACTION

REQUIRES
ABSOLUTE CONFIDENTIALITY AND YOU WOULD BE EXPECTED TO
TREAT

IT AS
SUCH. IF YOU

ARE
INTERESTED IN ASSISTING MY CLIENT PLEASE SEND THE
FOLLOWING

DETAILS
TO ME:
1.FULL NAMES/CONTACT ADDRESS

2.TEL/FAX NUMBERS PLEASE, YOU WILL ALSO IGNORE

THIS LETTER
AND RESPECT OUR TRUST IN YOU BY NOT EXPOSING THIS

TRANSACTION, EVEN IF
YOU ARE NOT INTERESTED.

I LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING WITH YOU.

YOURS FAITHFULLY.
BARRISTER Graham Douglas


</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p />
</div>
</body></html>