<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONSIIDER MY OFFER." />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="alicekobe@emailclue.com " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="alicekobe@emailclue.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="alicekobe@emailclue.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="alicekk8@operamail.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040317033610.63987.qmail@web108.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="alicekk8@operamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONSIIDER MY OFFER." />
<meta name="MboxParser-nb" content="The secret codes (e.g Pin No., Secret Access Code)" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040317033610.63987.qmail@web108.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;alicekobe@emailclue.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 16 22:38:09 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;alicekobe@emailclue.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-757" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040317033610.63987.qmail@web108.biz.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>CONSIIDER MY OFFER.</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR FRIEND.
  
This business proposal to you is strictly 
confidential, with due respect. Sorry at this
perceived confusion or stress may have receiving this
letter from me, Since we have not known ourselves or
met previously. Despite that, I am constrained to
write you this letter because of the urgency of it.By
way of self introduction, I am Mrs. alice Kobe, the
wife of late Brigadier - Gen.Maxwell Kobe former
ECOMOG ARMY COMMANDER [West African peacekeeping force
in Sierra Leone] who died in the Sierra Leone civil
disturbance [War]. My three daughters and I are
trapped in obnoxious custom and traditional norms.
  
We have suffered maltreatment and untold hardship in
the hands of my late husband's family, simply because
I did not bear a male child [heir apparent] for my
late husband. By tradition, all that my late husband
had, [wealth] belongs to his brothers/family. And
myself is to be remarried by his immediate younger
brother which I vehemently refused. They have taken
all that I suffered with my husband to acquire
including treasures, houses and his bank particular
seized by them. I wanted to escape to escape to your
country with my children on exile, but again
they conspired and stole my international passport and
other traveling document to further frustrate me.
  
Thank God, two weeks ago, I received Key Text Code
from a Security Company in EUROPE, that my late
husband deposited U.S $25.5 Million cash with this
security company EUROPE . It has therefore, become
very necessary and urgent to contact someone, a
foreigner like you to help me receive/secure these
funds overseas in a reliable bank Account (presumably
an empty Bank Account, if  available) and to help
invest it on our behalf as well, while we find a way
of getting out to meet with you in your country.
  
These funds are kept on an "OPEN BENEFICIARY MANDATE"
with the Security Company in EUROPE to avoid
detection, seizure or diversion. I have had several
telephone discussions with the Director of the
security company in us,who has express willingness
to help me on meeting the company's demands. This is
why I have contacted you to help save my children and
I, receive these funds on our behalf. But, you would
need to give me sufficient assurance that if you help
me, you would not divert the funds. 
 
My children and I have resolved to give you 30% of the
total sum. This is all my children and I have got to
live on.
  
Please, I have reposed my confidence in you and hope
you will not disappoint me. I look forward to your
urgent response, including your phone/ mobile No and
also your fax no for easier communication.
  
NB: The secret codes (e.g Pin No., Secret Access Code)
for this fund are safely kept with me which I can give
you as soon as you express desire to help me.
  
Stay blessed.
ALICE KOBE
  
  




</p>

</body></html>