<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="IS URGENT GET BACK TO ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.CHAMBERLIN KLUGMAN" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Chamberlin Klugman &lt;chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.drunkandstoned.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-18T08:54:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="klugman_002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="klugman_002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="klugman_002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-ipaddress" content="209.159.168.66" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="klugman_002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-IPAddress" content="209.159.168.66" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="klugman_002@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="IS URGENT GET BACK TO ME" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200403180854.i2I8sWq22792@meerkat.servermasters.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.CHAMBERLIN KLUGMAN" />
<meta name="creator" content="Chamberlin Klugman &lt;chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.CHAMBERLIN KLUGMAN" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Chamberlin Klugman &lt;chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-18T08:54:32Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-18T08:54:32Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Drunkards 0.000.01.00.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar 18 03:55:58 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com&gt; I need your urgent reply  so that I will inform you  on the next step" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200403180854.i2I8sWq22792@meerkat.servermasters.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Chamberlin Klugman" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.CHAMBERLIN KLUGMAN" />
<meta name="Author" content="Chamberlin Klugman &lt;chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Drunkards 0.000.01.00.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-763" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Chamberlin Klugman &lt;chamberlin@drunkandstoned.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200403180854.i2I8sWq22792@meerkat.servermasters.com&gt;" />
<title>IS URGENT GET BACK TO ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL  
FROM: MR.CHAMBERLIN KLUGMAN
B.I.BE (BANQUE INTERNATIONAL BENIN)

Dear Sir, 
In order to transfer out (USD 45 MILLION) Forty Five million United 
States Dollars) from  B.I.BE (Banque Internationale du Benin). I have 
the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important and 
confidential business believing that you will never let me down either 
now or in future. I am MR.CHAMBERLIN KLUGMAN,the MANAGER of the bank. 
There is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 nobody 
has operated on this account again. After going through some old files 
in the records, I discovered that if I do not remit this money out 
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. 
The owner of this account is Mr. PAULTON ALLENS, a foreigner, and an 
engineer with  D&amp;D Engineering CO,and he died since 1990. No other 
person knows about this account or any thing concerning it,the account 
has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that 
this company does not know anything about this account and the amount 
involved is (USD 45M)  I want to transfer the [USD45M] Forty Five 
million United States Dollars into a safe foreigners account abroad , 
but I don't know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as a foreigner 
because this money can not be approved to a local bank here, but can 
only be approved to any foreign account because the money is in us 
dollars and the former owner of the account is Mr PAULTON ALLENS is a 
foreigner too. I know that this message will come to you as a surprise 
as we don't know our selves before,but be sure that it is real and a 
genuine business. I only got your contact address through the 
internet,hoping that you will never let me down in this business. 
 I need your urgent reply  so that I will inform you  on the next step 
to take I will like you to Send also your private telephone and fax 
number including the full details of the account to be used for the 
deposit. I want us to meet face to face or sign a binding agreement to 
bind us together so that you can receive this money into a foreign 
account or any account of your choice where the fund will be safe. I 
will fly to your country for withdrawal &amp; sharing and other 
investments. I am contacting you because of the need to involve a 
foreigner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary. I need your 
full co-operation to make this work fine because the management is 
ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct 
information of this account, which I will give to you later 
immediately, if you are able and with capability to handle such amount 
in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice 
for our mutual benefit because this opportunity will never come again 
in my life. I need truthful person in this business because I don't 
want to make mistake I need your strong assurance and trust. With my 
position now in the office I can transfer this money to any foreigner's 
reliable account, which you can provide with assurance that this money 
will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing. 
I will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this 
money leaving no trace to any place. You can also come to discuss with 
me face to face after which I will make this remittance in your 
presence and two of us will fly to your country so at least two days 
ahead of the money 
going into the ccount. 
I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I hear from you 
that you are ready to act and receive this fund in your account. 
I will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and 
onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate 
clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange  departments. At 
the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the total 
amount, 60% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties 
might have incurred during the process of transferring. 
I look forward to your earliest reply. 

THANKS AND GOD BLESS, 

YOURS SINCERELY, 

MR.CHAMBERLIN KLUGMAN. 




_____________________________________
Get your webmail @ drunkandstoned.com
Unlike your crack habit... it's free!

http://www.drunkandstoned.com

</p>

</body></html>