<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE ." />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//mail.yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="richardshub011@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="richardshub011@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="richardshub011@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="auditorotto2@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040318164657.48060.qmail@web41211.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="auditorotto2@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040318164657.48060.qmail@web41211.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE ." />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE ." />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt;	by magnumforce.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with LDAP id i2IGs8E08639; Thu, 18 Mar 2004 11:54:08 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Mar 18 12:00:42 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt; by magnumforce.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with LDAP id i2IGs8E08639; Thu, 18 Mar 2004 11:54:08 -0500 (EST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE ." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE ." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-764" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040318164657.48060.qmail@web41211.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE .
#123CB/PBV,MAIN CITY,
JO,BURG, SOUTH AFRICA.
 
Dear Sir, 

My name is Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE ,I am the operational
manager in account management section incharge of
credit and foreign bills of one of the prime banks
here in South Africa. I am writing in respect of a
foreign customer of my bank who perished with his
whole families on 25TH JULY,2000 CONCORDE PLANE CRASH
[ Flight AF4590 ] with the whole passengers aboard.

There is an account opened in this bank in 1998 by
this great late INDUSTRIALIST who died without a
written or oral WILL attatched to the account. Since
his death , I personally has watched with keen
interest to see the next of kin but all has proved
abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no
other person knows about this account or anything
concerning it,the account has no other beneficiary and
until his death he was the manager of his company.

The total amount involved is 106,000,000.00 USD.[ One
hundred and six million United States Dollar ]. We
wish to start the first transfer with
$6,000,000.00[Six million] and open successful
transaction without any disappointment from your side,
we shall re-apply for the transfer of the remaining
balance to your account.
I have secretly discussed this matter with the general
manager of the bank who I must involve in order to
have a smooth and a successful transfer of the fund to
any foreign bank account which you are going to
nominate. 

On this note, I decided to seek for a reliable
foreigner who will act as the foreign beneficiary of
the fund from the deceased by providing his/her bank
account where the fund will be transferred for
immediate investment on any viable project as no one
has come up to be the next of kin. 

The banking ethics here does not allow such money to
stay more than six years without claim hence the money
will be recalled to the government treasury as
unclaimed after this long period of domancy. In view
of this I got your contact through my personal search
to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank
account for the transfer or find a reliable person who
will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her
personal account.

At the conclussion of the transfer 65% of the fund
will be for me, I will give you 20% of the total
transfer sum, 10% for charity both in Africa and in
your country while the remaining 5% will be set aside
to settle expenses both parties might incure during
the transfer process.

Upon the receipt of your reply, I will send to you a
detailed information about the transaction.I will not
fail to bring to your notice that this business is
100% risk and trouble free and that you should not
entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer
can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days, after you
apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund from
the deceased. When you receive this letter.

Kindly send me an e-mail MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADDRESS~:
auditorotto2@netscape.net  You should also include
your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe
communication.

Respectfully yours,
Dr.RICHARD SHUBANE



__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail - More reliable, more storage, less spam
http://mail.yahoo.com

</p>

</body></html>