<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="dr_tta1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[80.179.107.133] RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}" />
<meta name="subject" content="Very Urgent Business......" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr,A. Almack.&quot; &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr,A. Almack. &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//join.msn.com/?page=features/junkmail" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dr_tta1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-20T00:26:30Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dr_tta1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dr_tta1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="dr_tta1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dr_almackalexander@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dr_almackalexander@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Very Urgent Business......" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY14-F17sQtgTIFprh0001251c@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="20 Mar 2004 00:26:30.0891 (UTC) FILETIME=[FDD2F3B0:01C40E11]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY14-F17sQtgTIFprh0001251c@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[dr_tta1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr,A. Almack.&quot; &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr,A. Almack. &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr,A. Almack.&quot; &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr,A. Almack. &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-20T00:26:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-20T00:26:30Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;	Sat, 20 Mar 2004 00:26:30 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="20 Mar 2004 00:26:30.0891 (UTC) FILETIME=[FDD2F3B0:01C40E11]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="dr_tta1@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Mar 19 19:26:37 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[dr_tta1@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt; Sat, 20 Mar 2004 00:26:30 GMT {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL}" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr,A. Almack." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr,A. Almack.&quot; &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr,A. Almack. &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[80.179.107.133]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-766" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr,A. Almack. &lt;dr_tta1@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY14-F17sQtgTIFprh0001251c@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>Very Urgent Business......</title>
</head>
<body><p>Box 1287 Port Shepstone
Chaka -South Africa.



        {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL}
    RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 126,000.000.00 USD}
{ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS)
********************************************

Dear Sir/Madam,

We want to transfer to overseas ($ 126,000.000.00 USD) One hundred and 
Twenty six million United States Dollars) from a Bank in Africa,  You can 
serve to receive this money, as long as you will remain honest to me till 
the end for this important business trusting in you and believing  in God 
that you will never let me down either now or in future.

I am Dr. Almack Alexander, the Auditor General of a bank in Africa, during 
the course of our auditing I discovered a floating fund in an account opened 
in the bank in 1995 and since  1998 nobody has operated on this account 
again, after going through some old files in the records I discovered that 
the owner of the account died without a [heir] hence the money is floating 
and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for 
nothing. the owner of this account is Mr. Frankline Sullivan, a foreigner, 
and a sailor, and he died, since 1998. and no other person knows about this 
account or any thing concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and 
my investigation proved to me as well that Frankline Sullivan until his 
death was the manager Sulliv Coy.(pty). SA.

We will start the  first transfer with Twenty six million [$26,000.000] upon 
successful transaction
without any disappoint from your side, we shall re-apply for the payment of 
the remaining  rest amount to your account.

The amount involved is (USD 126M) One hundred and Twenty Six million United 
States Dollars, only I want to first transfer $26,000.000 [Twenty Six 
million United States Dollar from this money into a safe foreigners account 
abroad before the rest, but I don't know any foreigner, I am only contacting 
you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local person 
here, without valid international foreign  passport, but can only be 
approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers 
license and foreign a/c because the money is in us dollars and
the former owner of the a/c Mr. Frankline Sullivan is a foreigner too, [and 
the money can only be approved into a foreign a/c.

However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind us together I got your 
contact address from my secretary who operates computer, I am revealing this 
to you with believe in God that you will never let me down in this business, 
So please reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step to take 
urgently. Send also your private telephone and fax number including the full 
details of the account to be used for the deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding 
agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any 
account of your choice where the fund will be safe. Before we fly to your 
country for withdrawal, sharing and investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine. because the management 
is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct 
information of this account, which I will give to you, upon your positive 
response and once I am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with 
instruction of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this 
business.

I need your strong assurance that you will never, never let me down. With my 
influence and the position of the bank official we can transfer this money 
to any foreigner's reliable account which you can provide with assurance 
that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your country 
for sharing. The bank official will destroy all documents of transaction 
immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place and to build 
confidence you can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after 
which I will make this remittance in your presence and three of us
willfly to your country at least two days ahead of the money going into the 
account.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I hear from you that 
you are ready to act and receive this fund in your account. I will use my 
position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of 
this money to your account with  appropriate clearance from  the relevant 
ministries and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the total 
amount, 60% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might 
have incurred during the process of transferring.

May the good God bless you....


Best Regard,

Dr. Almack Alexander.

_________________________________________________________________
Tired of spam? Get advanced junk mail protection with MSN 8. 
http://join.msn.com/?page=features/junkmail

</p>

</body></html>