<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIRM RECEIPT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="nzani3@telstra.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nzani3@telstra.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="nzani3@telstra.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="nzani3@telstra.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIRM RECEIPT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;5d7df595de.595de5d7df@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;5d7df595de.595de5d7df@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;nzani3@bigpond.com&gt;	by suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i2M5F4B20458; Mon, 22 Mar 2004 00:15:04 -0500 (EST) id &lt;0HUY00CT5MIWMZ@mta06ps.email.bigpond.com&gt;; Mon, 22 Mar 2004 14:16:09 +1000 (EST) 22 Mar 2004 14:15:59 +1000 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.14 (built Oct 29 2003)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Mar 22 00:15:10 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;nzani3@bigpond.com&gt; by suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM (3.8.1u) with ESMTP id i2M5F4B20458; Mon, 22 Mar 2004 00:15:04 -0500 (EST) id &lt;0HUY00CT5MIWMZ@mta06ps.email.bigpond.com&gt;; Mon, 22 Mar 2004 14:16:09 +1000 (EST) 22 Mar 2004 14:15:59 +1000 (EST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="nzani3" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.14 (built Oct 29 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-768" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="nzani3 &lt;nzani3@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;5d7df595de.595de5d7df@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<title>CONFIRM RECEIPT</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Dear friend,

It is with my profound dignity that I write you this very important
and highly confidential letter. First, I must solicit your strictest
confidentiality in this transaction.  This is by virtue of its nature
as being utterly CONFIDENTIAL and "TOP SECRET". Though I know that a
transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and
worried,considering the fact that we have not met each other
before,but I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the
day. I have decided to contact you by email due to the urgency of
this transaction,as I have been reliably informed that it will take
at least a minimum of two to three weeks for a normal post to reach
you, so i decided it is best using the e-mail.


However, let me start by introducing myself properly to you, i am Nzani Peter Taylor, the cousin of former Libarian President, Who is on exile in Nigeria and he is in hiding from the United Nations for war crimes.

The reason i'm sending you this mail is to seek your help by assisting my cousin and my self in collecting some amount of money deposited in  in europe, under my name. I nor my cousin cannot at this point in time try to collect the said funds because the United Nations will not fail to pick us up and set us  before the world crimes tribunal. As its now, i am acting on behalf of my cousin to source for a reliable partner who will assist us in collecting the said funds, which in total is fifty six million dollars($56,ooo,ooo) deposited in my name when my cousin was president, and we have decided to give a total of 20% to who ever assists us to collect the money. We have also set aside 4% to be  used in offsetting all debts/expenses.

The trust reposed on you at this juncture is enormous. In return we demand your complete honesty and trust. You must however NOTE that this
transaction will be strictly based on the following terms and
conditions as we have stated below;

a) Our conviction of your transparent honesty and diligence
b) That you would treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and
confidentiality
c) That you will not ask for more share or try to sit on the funds
once it is under your custody, or any form of  blackmail.
c) That upon receipt of the funds you will release the funds as
instructed by us after you have removed your share of 20% from the
total  amount.

We are looking forward to doing business with you and solicit your Total Confidentiality in this transaction. There is no cause for alarm. I give you my word that you are completely safe in doing business with us. 

Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter using the above e-mail
address. I will bring you into the complete picture of this pending
business transaction when I have heard from you and also receive your
confidential telephone and fax numbers to enable me fax to you all
necessary information you need to know about our pending business
transaction. I will also send to you my private telephone and fax
numbers where you can always reach me.

Please, note that this transaction is 100% legal and risk free and we
hope to conclude this transaction within 14  working days from the
date of receipt of the necessary requirements from you . 

Thank you and God Bless.

Yours faithfully,

Nzani . P. Taylor.





                                                                      

</p>

</body></html>