<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Cyril Konan." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="cyril8 &lt;cyril8@telkom.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="0022-50786-5223." />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cyril8@telkom.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-23T11:05:17Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="cyril8@telkom.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="cyril8@telkom.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="cyril8@telkom.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-8681602@b1.c.plasa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-8681602@b1.c.plasa.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Cyril Konan." />
<meta name="creator" content="cyril8 &lt;cyril8@telkom.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Cyril Konan." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="cyril8 &lt;cyril8@telkom.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-23T11:05:17Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;; format=&quot;flowed&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-23T11:05:17Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cyril8@telkom.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.6" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 23 06:07:23 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cyril8@telkom.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="cyril8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Cyril Konan." />
<meta name="Author" content="cyril8 &lt;cyril8@telkom.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.6" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-770" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="cyril8 &lt;cyril8@telkom.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-8681602@b1.c.plasa.com&gt;" />
<title>ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:Cyril Konan.
Abidjan Cote D'Ivoire.
Tel:0022-50786-5223.

REQUEST ASSISTANCE

Sir,
It is my pleasure to write you after much
considerations I can not be able to see you face to
face at first.
Being the first son of my father late prince mathew
Konan, from Zulu in republic of South Africa.
My father was a limited liability cocoa and gold
merchant in South Africa before his untimely death.
After his business trip to Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire, to
negociate on a cocoa business a week after he came
mother by unknown assassins . which my mother died ,
instantly , but my father died after five days in
hospital on that faithful afternoon. I didn't know
that my father was going to leave me after I had lost
my mother . But before he gave up the ghost , it was
as if he know he was going to die . He my father,may
his soul rest in perfect peace ) disclose to me that
he deposited $ 18.5 ( eighteen million five hundred
thousand dollars ) in security and safe deposit
company in Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire.

That the money was meant for his cocoa business he
wanted to invest in Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire through,
according to my father he deposited the money in a
trunk box, but declared it as ivory , and family
belonging for the security reasons. He single handed
me the key of the box and certificate of deposit and
agreement certificate , and instructed me to seek
for a foreign assistant who will help me to move it
out
from the security and safe deposit company for a life
time investment abroad . Now , I have succeeded in
locating the security and safe deposit company here in
Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire and also I confirmed the item
with most honest and confidentiality. Now I am
soliciting for your assistance to help me lift this
money out from Abidjan to your account abroad so that
we should invest it in any lucrative business in your
country , strictly in your advice , because this is my
only hope in life.

As I am awaiting anxiously to hear from you so that we
can discuss the modalities of this transaction . I
have mapped out for you 15% of the total fund which
stands for your commission for presenting a foreign
bank account where the money will be transferred to
and more so you shall benefit 5% of the monthly total
interest of the said venture.

Please if this proposal is acceptable to you kindly
contact me through the above email address immediately
for more discussion .Please help me with good spirit .

Thanks for your kind attention and mutual
understanding.

Best Regards.
Cyril Konan.

===========================================================================================
Netkuis Instan untuk Divre 3 - SD,SMP,SMA berhadiah asuransi pendidikan puluhan juta rupiah... periode I dimulai 1 April 2004
===========================================================================================

</p>

</body></html>