<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA&quot; &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt; I quite believe that you will protect our interest by keeping this business" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-23T11:41:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="cyrilmata1@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="cyrilmata2@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="cyrilmata2@zwallet.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200403231140.i2NBe8JJ004130@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt; Courtesy of business opportunity=2C I take liberty anchored on strong desire" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA&quot; &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt; I quite believe that you will protect our interest by keeping this business" />
<meta name="creator" content="MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA&quot; &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt; I quite believe that you will protect our interest by keeping this business" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-23T11:41:22Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-23T11:41:22Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Mar 23 06:40:34 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt; JOHANNESBURG" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200403231140.i2NBe8JJ004130@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA&quot; &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt; I quite believe that you will protect our interest by keeping this business" />
<meta name="Author" content="MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-771" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA &lt;cyrilmata1@zwallet.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200403231140.i2NBe8JJ004130@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt; Courtesy of business opportunity=2C I take liberty anchored on strong desire" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>MR. MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA
 JOHANNESBURG
SOUTH AFRICA

 Courtesy of business opportunity, I take liberty anchored on strong desire
to solicit for your assistance on this mutual beneficiary and risk free
transaction with you, which I hope you give urgent attention. To be precise,
I am MR. MATAMELA CYRIL RAMAPHOSA the manager of bills/exchange at the foreign
remittance department of First Rand Bank Limited. In my department, we
discovered an abandoned sum of US$ 25.5 Million (Twenty five Million
Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) in an account that belongs to
one of our customers who died along with his entire family in 1988 Lockerbie
Pan American Airline plane crash. Since we got information about his death,
we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money
because we cannot release it unless somebody applied for it as next of kin or
relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking procedures, but
unfortunately to no avail andnobody has come forward to claim the money.

Therefore, upon this discovery that I and other two officials in my
department now decide to establish a cordial business
relationship with you,hence my contacting you.

We want you to purportedly present your good self as the next of kin
or relation of the deceased so that we can release the fund (money) into
your account for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming
for it and again we do not want the money to go into the government account as
unclaimed bill .The banking law and procedures herein stipulates that any
accounts abandoned or dormant for a period of some years is subject to be
closed and all money contained therein will be forfeited to the government
treasury account. Now it is being speculated that the above sum will be transferred into
government treasury account as unclaimed fund on or before May 2004.

The reason for you to present your good self as the next of kin is occasioned by the fact that
the deceased customer was a foreigner.

Mode of Sharing After the successful completion of the transfer is as follows, for the role you will be
expected to play in the whole exercise, we have agreed to give you twenty (20%)
of the total sum,and 10% has been set aside for the expenses we are
going to encounter by both parties in the process of this transaction and the
remaining 70% shall be for my colleagues and I. In support of the aforementioned, you are
urged to reply this letter indicating your readiness and interest to
participate in the business.

After your reply, you will be advised on the next step afterwards.
 I quite believe that you will protect our interest by keeping this business
top secret and confidential. Your interest will be equally protected, as we must
maintain maximum confidentiality. Trust to hear from you THROUGH MY PRIVATE
EMAIL ADDRESS "cyrilmata2@zwallet.com''

Count on your earliest reply.

Thanks

Yours faithfully
MR.MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA



</p>

</body></html>