<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.199.85.88" />
<meta name="subject" content="James" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="The Desk of Ajibola James" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/US/9911/02/egyptair990.list/index.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-24T22:13:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.2" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1080166394.406207fa3f1c4@www.postino.punto.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="James" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.2" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1080166394.406207fa3f1c4@www.postino.punto.it&gt; Lagos" />
<meta name="creator" content="The Desk of Ajibola James" />
<meta name="creator" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="The Desk of Ajibola James" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-24T22:13:14Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-24T22:13:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;james001@postino.it&gt;	for &lt;james001@postino.it@212.34.224.143&gt;; Wed, 24 Mar 2004 23:13:14 +0100" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Mar 24 17:13:27 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;james001@postino.it&gt; for &lt;james001@postino.it@212.34.224.143&gt;; Wed, 24 Mar 2004 23:13:14 +0100 40 Marina Street" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="The Desk of Ajibola James" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="The Desk of Ajibola James" />
<meta name="Author" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.199.85.88" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-772" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="james001@postino.it" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1080166394.406207fa3f1c4@www.postino.punto.it&gt; Lagos" />
<title>James</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: The Desk of Ajibola James
Senior Manager: Pacific International Bank PLC.
                40 Marina Street
                Lagos

Dear friend,

First, I must solicit your confidence in this transaction. This is by virtue 
of its nature being utterly confidential and  top secret. We have decided to 
contact you due to the urgency  of this  transaction, as we have been reliably 
informed of your discretness, trustworthy and ability to carry out legitimate  
business.

THE PROPOSITION: An American, Mr. Shaline Adam, an Oil merchant with the 
Federal Government of  Nigeria, until his death with his whole family on an 
EgyptAir Flight #990, which  crashed into the Atlantic Ocean on October 31, 
1999, banked  with us at Pacific International Bank Plc Lagos and had a 
closing balance of US$3.5,000,000.00 (Three Milion Five Hundred Thousand 
United States  Dollars Only) as at the end of September, 2000. Attached here   
is a CNN webpage on the unfortunate crash in 1999:   
http://www.cnn.com/US/9911/02/egyptair990.list/index.html

Valuable efforts have been made by the bank to get in touch  with any of the 
Adam's family or relative, but to no avail. His Next of Kin was his wife that 
was involved in the crash so for now there is no trace of his family.

It is because of the perceived impossibility of locating a relative of the 
Shaline Adam's family (since all his family are dead) that the bank is making 
plans to ceed the said amount to the Defence Ministry for the procurement of 
weapons of war. In order to avert this ugly situation, few of my colleagues 
and I have decided to contact you and seek your   permission to have you stand 
as a relative to Late Shaline Adam so that the total amount of US$3.5 Million 
Dollars will be processed and released in your favour into your personal 
account.

All documents and proofs to enable you get this fund will be   carefully 
worked out. We have secured from the probate, an   order of Madamus, to locate 
any of the deceased beneficiary.   Be rest assured that this transaction is 
risk-free. Also, your share for offering to assist us and provide the 
receiving account will be 10% of the total sum, while 90% will be for my 
colleagues and I, which also would be in your account for safe custody and 
probable future investment purpose in your country.

As soon as we receive an acknowledgement of your willingness    to accept our 
proposal, we shall furnish you with further details as we concluded all 
arrangements to have the money transferred to you within 7 working days from 
the date of commencement.

If this proposal is acceptable to you, then furnish us with your most 
confidential telephone and fax numbers  at which   time an application for the 
fund release will be forwarded in your favour.

Thank you in advance for your anticipated cooperation.

Regards,

Ajibola James

Alternative mail:jrade2000@caramail.com



</p>

</body></html>