<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="PLEASE HELP ME" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Princess Ifeoma.&quot; &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt; our coun" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Princess Ifeoma. &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-03-27T04:13:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="princess_ifeoma@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="princessifeoma24@yahoo.co.in " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="princessifeoma24@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="PLEASE HELP ME" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200403270413.i2R4CubU008353@fate.mr.itd.UM&gt; God=2C you will help us move this money out of the {BANK} to y!" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Princess Ifeoma.&quot; &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt; our coun" />
<meta name="creator" content="Princess Ifeoma. &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Princess Ifeoma.&quot; &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt; our coun" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Princess Ifeoma. &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-03-27T04:13:03Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-03-27T04:13:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Mar 26 23:13:09 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt; er did not bear any male child for him=2E Which implies that all my father=92s properties=2C companies e=2Et=2Ec=2E=2C we have no share in them because my mother has no male child according to African Tradition=2E My father therefore secretly gave me all the relevant documents of the said money=2C and told me that I should use this money with my mother and my younger sisters because he knows that tradtionally=2C if he dies we cannnot get anything=2C as inheritance=2E He importantly advised me that I should seek foreign assistannce and that I should not invest this money here in Nigeria because of his other wives and male children who happen to be my elders=2E I am soliciting for your immediate assistance to get a Bungalow for us=2C where I will live with my mother and two younger sisters and further advise me where and how I will invest the balance money overseas=2C possibly on products of your company and other profitable ventures=2E I believe that by the special grace of !" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200403270413.i2R4CubU008353@fate.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Princess Ifeoma." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Princess Ifeoma.&quot; &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt; our coun" />
<meta name="Author" content="Princess Ifeoma. &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-775" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Princess Ifeoma. &lt;princess_ifeoma@excite.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200403270413.i2R4CubU008353@fate.mr.itd.UM&gt; God=2C you will help us move this money out of the {BANK} to y!" />
<title>PLEASE HELP ME</title>
</head>
<body><p>The Palace of King of Ogoni Kingdom, Ogoni Oil producing community, Rivers State Nigeria. Dear Sir, I am Princess IFEOMA , daughter of HRH King Solomon Abonime, the king of Ogoni Kingdom. I am 25 years old and studying Mass Communication. My father was the king of Ogoni Kingdom the highest oil producing area in Nigeria. He was in charge of reviving royalties from the multi-national oil companies and government on behalf of the oil producing communities in Nigeria. After the hanging of the Ogoni Nine(9) including Ken Saro Wiwa by the late dictator General Sani Abacha, my father suffered stroke and died in NOVEMBER27th LAST year. But before his death, he called me and told me he has One Hundred and Five Million  United States Dollars   (USD105,000,000.00) cash in his possession, specially deposited in a Bank . He advised me not to tell anybody except my mother who is the last wife of the (8) eight wives that he married. My moth!
 er did not bear any male child for him. Which implies that all my father’s properties, companies e.t.c., we have no share in them because my mother has no male child according to African Tradition. My father therefore secretly gave me all the relevant documents of the said money, and told me that I should use this money with my mother and my younger sisters because he knows that tradtionally, if he dies we cannnot get anything, as inheritance. He importantly advised me that I should seek foreign assistannce and that I should not invest this money here in Nigeria because of his other wives and male children who happen to be my elders. I am soliciting for your immediate assistance to get a Bungalow for us, where I will live with my mother and two younger sisters and further advise me where and how I will invest the balance money overseas, possibly on products of your company and other profitable ventures. I believe that by the special grace of !
 God, you will help us move this money out of the {BANK} to y!
 our coun
try where we can invest this money judiciously with you. You are entitled to a reasonable part of this money based on our agreement, and God will bless you as you help us. PLease reply through my e-mail Looking forward to hear from you as soon as possible.
Regards.
Princess Ifeoma.
Alternative Email princess_ifeoma@excite.com



</p>

</body></html>