<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From:Savimbi Denis" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;savimbidenis@www.com&quot; &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="savimbidenis@www.com &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-01-20T18:23:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="savimbidenis@www.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="savimbidenis@www.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="savimbidenis@www.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;3120.66.178.46.12.1043087000.fastmailerweb@webmail.www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From:Savimbi Denis" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;3120.66.178.46.12.1043087000.fastmailerweb@webmail.www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;savimbidenis@www.com&quot; &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="savimbidenis@www.com &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;savimbidenis@www.com&quot; &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="savimbidenis@www.com &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-01-20T18:23:20Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-01-20T18:23:20Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 20 Jan 2003 13:33:03 -0500 (EST)        Mon, 20 Jan 2003 18:23:20 -0000 (UTC)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="FastMailer/Webmail (version SM/1.2.6)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="SIR/MADAM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MSMail-Priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jan 20 13:33:21 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Mon, 20 Jan 2003 13:33:03 -0500 (EST) Mon, 20 Jan 2003 18:23:20 -0000 (UTC)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;savimbidenis@www.com&quot; &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="savimbidenis@www.com &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="FastMailer/Webmail (version SM/1.2.6)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-msmail-priority" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-79" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="savimbidenis@www.com &lt;savimbidenis@www.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;3120.66.178.46.12.1043087000.fastmailerweb@webmail.www.com&gt;" />
<title>From:Savimbi Denis</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN: SIR/MADAM

I understand that this letter will be of great surprise to you ,Especially
as itcomes from a stranger .I am Prince.Dennis Melange Savimbi from the
republic ofAngola.I got your contact from the internet while i was searching for a
foreignerwho can help me in this case.

On the 22nd of february 2002, the rebel leader JONAS SAVIMBI my dad was
killed.butbefore his death,he told me secretly that he deposited some money for us
in case heis killed,we should flee for our lives.the money he said was supposed to
be forammunitions.he told me that he divided the money for ammunitions and gave
some ofthe money to the head of Armed and Ammunition Procurement Division , and
sent themon a mission to NIGERIA with the sum of (US$30Million United State
Dollars) toenable them stay there and negotiate with any of the Europe or America
country asregards the buying and shipment of arms and ammunition into my country .
The moneywas conveyed to NIGERIA through diplomatic means and the other part ($25M)
wasdeposited at a Security Company in Nigeria by my father, while they were
negotiatingthe arms deal.THE MONEY HE SAID WAS DEPOSITED IN MY NAME.

During the begining part of last year ,we heard my father was dead and so,i
remebered that my dad talked about some money he kept for us in the
security vaultin Nigeria.i also remembered that he said we should immediately flee for
our saftyto anywhere that is safe.so,i decided that the money must be cleared and
used forsomething that will make us ok in life.

my mum had resolved to end the war in my country.She needed oversea medical
attention for her heart disease and as a result,she wanted us to get out
of thecountry for the sake of our safety.

So , we thus agreed to look for a God fearing person oversea who can
assist us inclaiming these fund and deposit it into his or her personal/company
account. So,Weare soliciting for your assistance on this matter ;as this stands to be
the onlyhope for the future survival of the Family cause we cannot travel out of
the countrybecause things are not yet settled. Presently we are seeking assylum in
Nigeria,since it became necessary for us to live my country completly for
securityreasons and the money is here in Nigeria in a security company ;
fortunately enoughthis company we believe is closer to us and so,we will instruct them to
airship itto netherland where they have diplomatic immunities for fear of discovery
we willdiscuss with the company as regards the money in their Nigerian Office,
but for thefact that we have not got any contact from out side Africa for now we are
unable togive the instructions. This is the more reason why we are contacting you.
Here inNigeria ;we have limited right to invest this fund ; considering the means
in whichthe money was acquired, and Nigeria been a African Nation ,Hence we took this
decision .In antipation of your assistance we have agreed to give: 30% of
the totalsum to you,10% mapped out to cover any expenses that may be incuried in
course ofthe transaction, 60% for me and my family. We wish to invest this fund in
yourcountry ,this transaction is 100% risk free as we have concluded all
necessaryarrangments before contacting you.


We expect your favourable response, indicate your private Telephone and
Fax numbersfor easy
comunication. Upon comfirming your readiness to assist we shall get all
necessarydocument including the certificate of Deposit made in your name as it was
merelydeposited by my father as family valuables.

Thanks For your Co-operation,

We expect to here from you .

Yours Faithfully,

Prince DENNIS MALANGE SAVIMBI.



---------------------------------------------------
WWW.COM - Where The Web Begins! http://www.www.com/



</p>

</body></html>