<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL./PERSONAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;AHMED SANI&quot; &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="AHMED SANI &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mohdsule@fsmail.net" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-04-05T07:28:19Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ahmedsani@myself.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ahmedsani@myself.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL./PERSONAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200404050728.i357S478001682@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt; I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;AHMED SANI&quot; &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="AHMED SANI &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;AHMED SANI&quot; &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="AHMED SANI &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-04-05T07:28:19Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-04-05T07:28:19Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Apr  5 03:29:34 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200404050728.i357S478001682@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="AHMED SANI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;AHMED SANI&quot; &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="AHMED SANI &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-785" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="AHMED SANI &lt;mohdsule@fsmail.net&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200404050728.i357S478001682@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt; I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate" />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL./PERSONAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
VERY URGENT REPLY REQUIRED
I am DR AHMED SANI, I am a lawyer. I was the personal
attorney to MR Josef Flubacher (hereinafter refered as my
client) from Zurich,Switzerland,who  was a contractor to Nigerian Government .

On the 21 of April 2001, MR Flubacher was involved in a fatal road accident and died
on the spot with his wife and two kids.
Since then I have made several enquiries to the EMBASSY to locate any of my client's
relatives or next of kin, this has also proved unsuccessful. I was appointed his trustee
and sole admnistrator of his estate which includes his Bank Account.

I am contacting you to assist in repatriating the money  left behind by
my client before it is confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this
deposit was lodged.
Particularly the Global finance and Security company based in Amsterdam, Netherlands,
where he  deposited  $20 million dollars ( Twenty million dollars ) have issued me
a notice to provide the next of kin.

I seek your consent and permission to present you as the next of kin so that the
proceeds  valued at $20 million dollars can be paid to you  and
then we can share the money. 65% to me  while 30%  to you. Then the balance of 5% will be
reserved for incidental expences.

I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up this transaction.
All I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through.
I am very sure with your trust and asistance, we will successfully and legally transfer
this money to you before the finance company take any decision about it.

 I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will  protect both party from any breach of the law.You will be giving all
the deposit documents to contact the finance company in Holland for clarification and verification of this matter.

Please get in touch with me through my email or fax as stated herein and send to me your
telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction.

I hereby attach the CERTIFICATE OF APPOINTMENT as his trustee and sole administrator
of his estate.
Please contact me immediately through my email:ahmedsani@myself.com and mohdsule@fsmail.net	
Note however, that your nature of business,sex or country of origin will not be
a hindrance for you to act as his next of kin.
Finally, I trust you keep this information private and confidential.
This money shall be transfered through telegraphic online banking procedure.
Truth,trust,and cofidence quaranteed
Best regards, and peace be with you.

DR AHMED SANI



</p>

</body></html>