<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-reads" content="" />
<meta name="subject" content="FROM  MONICA" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;monica martins&quot; &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="monica martins &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/918781.stm " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/715001.stm " />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1063785.stm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-04-07T13:38:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="monicamtf11@galmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="image/pjpeg" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="monicamtf11@galmail.co.za filename=&quot;money box.jpg&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="monicamtf11@galmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="monicamtf11@galmail.co.za filename=&quot;money box.jpg&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="attachment;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="_===278961294====mail01.infosat.net===_" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM  MONICA" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-278961294@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-278961294@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;monica martins&quot; &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="monica martins &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;monica martins&quot; &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="monica martins &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-04-07T13:38:11Z" />
<meta name="format" content="image/pjpeg" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-04-07T13:38:11Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir, " />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Apr  7 09:38:50 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="monica martins" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;monica martins&quot; &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="monica martins &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-788" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="monica martins &lt;monicamtf11@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-278961294@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<title>FROM  MONICA</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>From: Mrs.Monica Martins 
23 Rivonia Road Sandton City
Johannesburg South Africa
Tel+27-83-238-3440

ATTN: Sir, 

My name is Mrs.Monica Martins, the wife of late Mr.Zulu
Martins, of Zimbabwe. It might be a surprise to you where I
got your contact address I got it from the net.I am using
this opportunity to express my predicaments to you
During the current crises against the farmers of Zimbabwe
by the supporters of our President ROBERT MUGABE to claim
all the white owned farms in our country, he 
ordered all the white farmers to surrender their farms to
his party members and their followers. 
My husband was one of the best farmers in the country and
knowing that he did not support the president's political
ideology, the president's supporters invaded my husband's
farm, burnt down everything, shot him and as a result of
the wounds sustained, he became sick and died after two
days. And after his death I became a widow over night with
my only son (Frank Martins) and one daughter (Russ) decided
to move out of Zimbabwe for the safety of our lives to
South Africa. Before he died, he wrote his 'WILL' which
reads:
 
'MY BELOVEED SON (Frank) I WISH TO DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO
THE SUM OF 
US$20.7 MILLION U.S DOLLARS WHICH I DEPOSITED IN A BOX WITH
A SECURITY COMPANY IN JOHANNESBURG (SOUTH-AFRICA) IN CASE
OF MY ABSENCE ON EARTH CAUSED BY DEATH ONLY' 
you should solicit for reliable foreign partner to assist
you to transfer this money out of SOUTH-AFRICA for the
family care and investment purposes I deposited the money
in your  name(Frank Martins)and it can be claimed by you
with the help of a foreign partner using the deposit
code.Your mother has all the documents.Take good care of
your mother and your sister.

&gt;From the above you will understand that the lives and
future of my family depends on this money as much as I will
be very grateful if you can assist us. We are now living in
South-Africa as POLITICAL ASYLUM SEEKERS and the financial
law of SOUTH-AFRICA do not allow an ASYLUM SEEKER any
financial right to operate such huge amount of money .In
view of this I cannot invest this money in South-Africa
hence I am asking you to assist us transfer this money out
of South-Africa for investment purposes. 

[1]. For your efforts I am prepared to offer you 30% of the
total fund while 70% will be kept for my family and I for
investments.Immediately we establish trust within our
selves, I would go ahead to give you all the details you
might require to know about this fund.

YOU CAN GIVE US A CALL ON +27-83-238-3440.YOU SEND YOUR
RESPONSE TO (monica_mtf4@yahoo.co.uk 
ATTACHED IS A PHOTOGRAPH OF THE CONSIGNMENT MY LATE HUSBAND
TOOK BEFORE DEPOSITING THE FUND WITH THE SECURTY
COMPANY.
 
PLEASE YOU CAN READ ABOUT PROBLEMS IN ZIMBABWE FROM THE
LINKS BELOW.
 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/918781.stm 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/715001.stm 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1063785.stm

BEST REGARDS, 
MRS MONICA MARTINS.
(FOR THE FAMILY
</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p />
</div>
</body></html>