<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;attn" content="PRESIDENT/C E O,&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="subject" content="VERY IMPORTANT BUSINESS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-242051283-1043171097=" content="32573" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-242051283-1043171097=" content="32573" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-242051283-1043171097=" content="32573--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;note" content="Please reply a copy to &lt;A href=&quot;mailto:chr_adamu@excite.com&quot;&gt;chr_adamu@excite.com&lt;/A&gt;&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="That this transaction is expected to last" />
<meta name="MboxParser-note" content="Please reply a copy to chr_adamu@excite.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-242051283-1043171097=:32573" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20030121174457.32609.qmail@web14810.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY IMPORTANT BUSINESS" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030121174457.32609.qmail@web14810.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;chris_adamu2003@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="PRESIDENT/C E O," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jan 21 13:16:00 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;chris_adamu2003@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-80" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030121174457.32609.qmail@web14810.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>VERY IMPORTANT BUSINESS</title>
</head>
<body><p>TOP BUSINESS PROPOSAL</p>


<p>ATTN: PRESIDENT/C E O,</p>


<p>I am Engineer.Chris Adamu,Chairman Senate Committee on
Contracts Review and foreign payments In My Country Nigeria. 
Presently There is available the sum of US$18.500,000 (Eighteen Million Five hundred Thousand United States Dollars} which members of this committee
wish to transfer into your account, to be used for our
re-election This year 2003 general elections in Nigeria.
SOURCE OF FUND.
This amount was realized from inflated or
over-invoiced aspect of contracts executed by some
foreign firms in 1999 when Nigeria hosted the world
youth soccer Championship.ln the course of our duty we
observed this sum un-paid claims.lt is one of
them that we intend to lodge into your bank account for our mutual benefit.
REMUNERATION.
We have unanimously agreed that you will be entitled
to 30% of the total sum, while 10%
Is set aside to offset expenses incurred during the transaction.
INVESTMENT.
You will be required to place 60% of the!
 total sum
into any high yield investment facility in your
country, for an initial duration of 10 months. During
the 2003 elections, you will return 30% to us, but
this time as a foreign loan for our election purposes.
The accrued interest and the remaining 30% is what you
will re-invest in the same process for a period of 4years.
OPERATIONAL MODALITIES.
We shall present you as one of the contractors
awaiting payment for over-due contract payment for job
executed for the Federal Republic of Nigeria in
1999.Application for claims, processing of approvals
will be undertaken by my committee in conjunction with
some highly placed officials, to ensure that fund is
wired into your nominated bank account.</p>


<p>REQUIREMENTS.
Your company details, banking details, as well as your
confidential tell and fax numbers should be sent to me
immediately to indicate your interest.</p>


<p>CONCLUSION.
You do not stand any risk at all for being parts of
this project, and your present line of business or
profession is no hindrance. Honestly, our re-election
in 2003 will be determined by this transaction and
your ability to partner with us in all sincerity will enhance its success.
Note: That this transaction is expected to last
between 7-14 days from the day we received the information
I am waiting for your reply via e-mail.
Thanks for your co-operation and understanding while
your urgent response is expected.</p>


<p>Best Regards,
Engr.Chris Adamu.(SENETOR)</p>


<p>Note: Please reply a copy to <a shape="rect" href="mailto:chr_adamu@excite.com">chr_adamu@excite.com</a></p>


<p> </p>


<p>
 </p>

<p>
</p>


Do you Yahoo!?

<a shape="rect" href="http://rd.yahoo.com/mail/mailsig/*http://mailplus.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Mail Plus</a> - Powerful. Affordable. <a shape="rect" href="http://rd.yahoo.com/mail/mailsig/*http://mailplus.yahoo.com">Sign up now</a></body></html>