<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-proportion" content="US$50 Million is in Switzerland, US$100 Million is in London," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="GOOD DAY TO YOU!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="royalmajesty@telstra.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="GOOD DAY TO YOU!!!" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;1551813c0a.13c0a15518@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1551813c0a.13c0a15518@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;royalmajesty@bigpond.com&gt; id &lt;0HWI000N92WXEZ@mta03ps.email.bigpond.com&gt; for R@S; Wed, 21 Apr 2004 12:58:22 +1000 (EST) 21 Apr 2004 12:58:06 +1000 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.14 (built Nov 18 2003)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Apr 20 23:48:01 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;royalmajesty@bigpond.com&gt; id &lt;0HWI000N92WXEZ@mta03ps.email.bigpond.com&gt; for R@S; Wed, 21 Apr 2004 12:58:22 +1000 (EST) 21 Apr 2004 12:58:06 +1000 (EST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="royalmajesty" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.14 (built Nov 18 2003)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-802" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="royalmajesty &lt;royalmajesty@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1551813c0a.13c0a15518@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<title>GOOD DAY TO YOU!!!</title>
</head>
<body><p>


Dear Beloveth,
I am Prince Fayad W. Bolkiah, the eldest son of Prince Jefri Bolkiah,
former Finance Minister of Brunei, the tiny oil-rich sultanate on the Gulf
Island.
I will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history,
which  has already been disseminated by the international media during the
controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his step brother,
the sultan of Brunei Sheik Muda Hassanal Bolkiah.
As you may know from the international media, the sultan had accused my
father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of US$14.8 Billion
dollars. This was as a result of the Asian financial crisis that made my
father company Amedeo Development Company and government owned Brunei
Investment Company to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office.
However my father was kept under house arrest, his bank accounts and
private properties including a crude oil export refinery were later
confiscated by the  sultanate.
Furthermore, during this unfortunate period i was advised to evacuate my
immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from
the sultan and his security operatives, but before I could do that I was
placed under house arrest by the Sultan and i have no access to a phone
but I have a Palm V hand-held computer from which I am sending you this
mail.
Before my In-castration, I went ahead to dispatch the sum of Five Hundred 
Million United States Dollars US$500 Million in cash under special
arrangement  into the custody of different Private security and Trustee
companys for safe keeping abroad.
The money where splitted and kept in the following countries in this
proportion: US$50 Million is in Switzerland, US$100 Million is in London,
US$100 Million is in Malaysia, US$80 Million is in United Arab Emirate
and the balance US$US170 Million is in Holland.
Hence I seek your good assistance to invest these funds into profitable
investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family
abroad.I have decided to offer 10% of these funds to you as compensation
for your strong cooperation.
Please I count on your absolute confidentiality,transparency and trust
while looking forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of
this  business transaction.
I remain yours sincerely
Prince Fayad .W. Bolkiah
Brunei Darussalam.
please reply to my privite email address-ROYALMAJESTY@K.RO




                                                                      

</p>

</body></html>