<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040422205407.70516.qmail@web21206.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Reply!" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//photos.yahoo.com/ph/print_splash" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mayoreng@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mayoreng@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mayoreng@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mayoreng@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Apr 22 16:54:10 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mayoreng@yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040422205407.70516.qmail@web21206.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Reply!" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-803" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040422205407.70516.qmail@web21206.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<title>Urgent Reply!</title>
</head>
<body><p>HELLO DEAR, 

MY NAME IS JOE M. DOUGLAS, I AM A DIRECTOR IN THE
FINANCE DEPARTMENT IN THE NIGERIA NATIONAL PETROLEUM
CORPORATION (NNPC). I KNOW MY MAIL WILL COME TO YOU AS
A SURPRISE AND ALSO EMBARRASING, BUT I BEG FOR YOUR
SINCERE UNDERSTANDING. 

I WANT YOU TO HAVE A GOOD UNDERSTANDING WITH ME AND
HANDLE THIS URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL WITH ATMOST
SERIOUSNESS AND CAREFULNESS FOR OUR MUTUAL BENEFIT. 

THIS BUSINESS INVOLVES US$22MILLION UNITED STATES
DOLLARS) WHICH I WANT US TO SECURE IN
YOUR PERSONAL OR COMPANY ACCOUNT BY TRANSFERRING IT
FROM THE CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA (CBN) TO YOUR
ACCOUNT.THIS US$22MILLION IS AN OVER-INVOICE OF A
CONTRACT EXECUTED IN MY CORPORATION IN 2003. THE
ORIGINAL FOREIGN CONTRACTOR WHO EXECUTED THIS
CONTRACT. 

HE HAS BEEN PAID HIS REAL PAYMENT WHAT IS LEFT NOW IS
THIS EXCESS US$22MILLION. I WANT TO ENCOURAGE YOU NOT
TO BE AFRAID, WITH YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND DILIGENCE WE
SHALL SECURE THE MONEY WITHOUT ANY TRACE IN LESS THAN
21 WORKING DAYS. EVERY THING ABOUT THE CONTRACT IS
WELL KNOWN TO ME. 

WHAT IS NEEDED FROM YOU NOW ARE THE FOLLOWING:YOUR
NAME AND COMPANY NAME IF ANY, YOUR PRIVATE PHONE, FAX
AND EMAIL ADDRESS AND THE PARTICULARS OF THE BANK
ACCOUNT WHERE YOU WANT THE MONEY TO BE TRANSFERRED. 

ON THE CONCLUSSION OF THIS BUSINESS I WILL VISIT YOUR
COUNTRY AND THE MONEY WILL BE SHARED AS FOLLOWS: 25%
FOR YOU, 70% FOR ME AND THE REMAINING 5% WILL BE USED
TO PAY BACK ANY EXPENCES THAT MAY BE INCURED ON THE
PROCESS LIKE PHONE BILL.  

ONCE MORE I WANT TO ASSURE YOU THAT THIS BUSINESS IS
RISK FREE, YOU SHOULD NOT FEAR FOR I HAVE EVERY DATA
ABOUT THIS MONEY BUT YOU MUST KEEP EVERYTHING
CONFIDENTIAL. 

AND AGAIN, I WILL LIKE TO INVEST MY OWN SHARE IN YOUR
COUNTRY, I LIKE REAL ESTATE OR HOTELS BUSINESS, SO I
DON'T KNOW HOW THIS BUSINESS ARE IN YOUR COUNTRY?   

I AM EXPECTING YOUR IMMEDIATE REPLY THROUGH MY PRIVATE
EMAIL ADDRESS: engrmdjoe@yahoo.co.uk

THANKS 
ENGR. JOE M. DOUGLAS.




 




	
		
__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Photos: High-quality 4x6 digital prints for 25¢
http://photos.yahoo.com/ph/print_splash

</p>

</body></html>