<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;BUNOR DICKINS&quot; &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="BUNOR DICKINS &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="bunor_dickins@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-04-28T14:51:21Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="bunor_dickins@lycos.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="bunor_dickins@lycos.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200404281351.i3SDp6cF016631@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;BUNOR DICKINS&quot; &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="BUNOR DICKINS &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;BUNOR DICKINS&quot; &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="BUNOR DICKINS &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-04-28T14:51:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-04-28T14:51:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Apr 28 09:51:25 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200404281351.i3SDp6cF016631@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="BUNOR DICKINS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;BUNOR DICKINS&quot; &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="BUNOR DICKINS &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-806" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="BUNOR DICKINS &lt;bunor_dickins@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200404281351.i3SDp6cF016631@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>BURNOR DICKINS
ABIDJAN COTE D'IVOIRE.
Dearest one,
I appologise for any inconvinient that this my mail may cause to you
but it is the only way that I can communicate with you and explain my
situation despite we have not met or known each other before but I believe
through the humanitarian assistance we will have the opportunity to
know each other better.
I am BURNOR DICKINS, the only son of late Mr and Mrs ANTHONY
DICKINS, a citizen of SIRRA LEONE and
my sister LILIAN DICKINS. Our father was a very wealthy cocoa
merchant in Abidjan, the economic capital of Ivory
Coast before he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one
of their outing to discuss on a business deal.
When our mother died on the 21st October 1991,our father took me and my
junior sister special because we are motherless.
Before the death of our father on 30th June 2002 in a private hospital
here in Abidjan.
He secretly called us on his bedside and told us that he has a sum of $
9.2,000.000 (Nine Million,Two Hundred Thousand united states dollar)
deposited in a private financial and security company here in his name.
He also explained to us that it was because of this wealth and some
huge amount of money his business associates
supposed to balance him from the deal they had that he was poisoned by
his business associates, that we should seek for a
God fearing foreign partner in a country of our choice who can come
down and claim this fund from the security company for us and use it for
investment purpose, (such as real estate management).
We are honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways.
( 1) To act as the foreign partner of our father by claiming this fund
from the security company for further transfer and investment to your
designated bank account abroad.
( 2) To serve as the guardian of this since I am a young man of 25
years and my younger sister just 21.
Moreover , we are willing to offer you 10% of the sum as compensation
for effort input after the successful transfer of this fund to
your designated account in your country overseas.
Please we strictly apply for the confidenciality of this transaction
for our personal security.Kindly reply me to my personal email address :-
bunor_dickins@lycos.com
Anticipating to hear from you soon.
Thanks and God Bless.
Best regards,

BUNOR DICKINS.



</p>

</body></html>