<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="MUTUAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP-STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;DR. BELLO MUSA&quot; &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="DR. BELLO MUSA &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-01-23T12:16:53Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="MUTUAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP-STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200301230317.h0N3Glag001500@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;DR. BELLO MUSA&quot; &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="DR. BELLO MUSA &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;DR. BELLO MUSA&quot; &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="DR. BELLO MUSA &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-01-23T12:16:53Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-01-23T12:16:53Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 22 Jan 2003 22:17:41 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jan 22 22:17:42 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Wed, 22 Jan 2003 22:17:41 -0500 (EST) MUTUAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP-STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200301230317.h0N3Glag001500@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="DR. BELLO MUSA" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;DR. BELLO MUSA&quot; &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="DR. BELLO MUSA &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-82" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="DR. BELLO MUSA &lt;dr_bellomusa01@omaninfo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200301230317.h0N3Glag001500@bluewhale.cs.CU&gt;" />
<title>MUTUAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP-STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM THE DESK OF
DR. BELLO MUSA
N N P C.




ATTN,

     MUTUAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP-STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL


I am Dr. BELLO MUSA.The chief accountant of The 
Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and I
head five man tender board in charge of contract award
and payments approvals.I came to know of you in my 
search for a reliable person to handle a very
confidential transaction which involves the transfer
of a huge sum of money to a foreign account.

There were series of contracts executed by aconsortion
of multinationals in the oil industry in favour of
Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) among
which were for the following:-1. The expansion of the
pipelines network within for a crude down stream
products distribution and subsequent evacuation:- $8,
Billion United States Dollars.2. Contract for the turn around maintenance
(TAM) of the various refineries in the country $115 million Uited States
Dollars.
3. The construction of storage tanks for petrolwum
products (depots) $190 Million United States Dollars.

The original value of these contracts were delebrately
over invoiced in the sum U$69,000.00 (sixty nine Million
United States Dollars Only) which has now been
approved and is now ready to be transferred, being
that the companies that actually executed these
contracts have been fully paid the projests officially
commissioned.It does not matter whether or not 
your comapny does contracts project of that nature
described here, the assumption is that your company
won the major contract and sub-contracted it out to
other companies.

Consequently, my colleaques and I are willing to
transfer the total  amount to your account for subsequent disbursement,
since we as civil servants are prohibited by the code of conduct bureau
(civil service laws) 
from opening and or operating foreign accounts in our
names. Needless to say, the trust imposed on you at
this junction enormous. In return, we have agreed to
offer you 20% of the transferred sum, while 5% shall
be set aside for incidental expenses (internal and
external) between the parties in the course of the
transaction, and the remaining 75% is for us,The
Nigerian  officials.

Modalities have been worked out at the highest level
of the ministry of finance and the central bank of
Nigeria for the immediate transfer of the fund within
14 working days subject to your satisfaction of the
above stated terms.Our assurance is that your role is risk free,
I accord this transaction the legality it
deserves and for mutual security of the fund, the
whole approval procedures will be officially and
legally processed with the name of any company you may
nominate as the bonafide beneficiary of the
above mentioned amount.

Therefore, when the business is successfully concluded we
shall through our same connections withdraw all
documents used from all the concerned government
ministries for 100% security risk free.Once more, I
want you to understand that having put in over 19
years in the civil service of my country, I am very careful
to have my image and career deemed.

Please contact me immediately through E-mail whether
you are or not interested in this deal, if you are
not, it will enable us scout  for another foreign partner
to carry out this deal but where you are interested 
send the required documents.One blank letter head, one
invoice sheet and your bank particulars through my
above address as time is not on our side in the business.
Send by Email for security reasons.

Thanks as I await in anticipation for your fullest
co-operation.

Very truly yours,

Dr. bello musa


</p>

</body></html>