<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Okpara Addey&quot; &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Okpara Addey &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-01T17:10:03Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="catford@UM, linguists@UM, thomason@UM," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="okparaaddey@fastermail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="okparaaddey@fastermail.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405020804.i4284dVr029703@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Okpara Addey&quot; &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Okpara Addey &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Okpara Addey&quot; &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Okpara Addey &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-01T17:10:03Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-01T17:10:03Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="catford@UM, linguists@UM, thomason@UM," />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="catford@UM" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="linguists@UM" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="thomason@UM" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="wiegand@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun May  2 04:06:24 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;linguists-errors@UM&gt; wiegand@UM" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405020804.i4284dVr029703@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Okpara Addey" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Okpara Addey&quot; &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Okpara Addey &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-813" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Okpara Addey &lt;addeyokpara@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405020804.i4284dVr029703@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Allstate Trust Bank
16\17, Oyin Jolayemi Street,
Victoria Island Lagos
Website: http://www.allstatesbanking.com

Dear Sir,

I hope this will not meet you as a surprise, as I know that I have not

heard any previous corressponding with you, but have taken interest in

you, as a result of my choice of investment. I am Okpara Addey,

Managing Director, Corporate Audit ,Allstate Trust Bank, Nigeria. This

is an urgent and very confidential business proposition. I am seeking

your assistance here to enable me transfer and  invest the sum of $24M

in LANDED PROPERTIES there in  your country. The source of these funds

is as follows:

On June 6, 2002,a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian

Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Mr.Steve Warren, made a numbered

time(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at

US$24,000,000.00,(Twenty-Four Million Dollars) in my branch.

Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address

but got no reply. After a month,we sent a reminder and finally we

discovered from his contract employers, the Nigerian Institute of

Mining and Metallurgy, that Mr.Steve Warren died from an automobile

accident.  On further investigation, I found out that he died without

making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.Steve

Warren did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official

documents, including his Bank Deposit documents in my Bank. This sum of

US$24,000,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping.

No one will ever come forward to claim it.

According to the Nigerian  Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years,

the money will revert to the ownership of the Government if nobody

applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that, since Mr.Steve Warren is a

Foreigner, I will like you as a Foreigner to stand in as the owner of

the money which was fixed deposited in my bank. I am writing you

because I as a public servant, I cannot operate a foreign account, and

moreso, my choice of investment, which is one of the reasons why I

would want you to assist me, as I will need your assistance to invest

these funds in the Real Estate  business, to which which any PROFIT

RETURN will be shared under an agreed percentage between the both of

us, outside the normal percentage to be agreed on for your assistance.

I want to present you as the owner of the funds so you can be able to

claim them. This is simple.I will like you to provide immediately your

full names and address, as well as phone and fax numbers,so that all

the neccessary document can be  prepared , which will put you in place

as the beneficiary of the funds.

The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 80% for me

and 20% for you. The paperwork for this transaction will be done in

accordance to the law of the land and this guarantees the successful

execution of this transaction.

If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address

at: amokpara007@yahoo.co.uk, and upon your response,I shall provide

you with more details and relevant documents that will help you

understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this

transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall

require your assistance to invest my share in Real Estate  within your

country. This is the major reason why I have contacted you.

Due to the nature and confidentiality in this Transaction, it should be

accorded all the neccesary confidentiality required, as my job will be

at stake in the event of any eventuality.   I hope that this will meet

you in a good state of mind.

I will pause for now, as I await your urgent response

Regards.

Okpara Addey


</p>

</body></html>