<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 8.033  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dear" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;john paul&quot;&lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="john paul &lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_50,DATE_IN_FUTURE_06_12,HELO_DYNAMIC_IPADDR2,HELO_DYNAMIC_SPLIT_IP,MAILTO_TO_SPAM_ADDR,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,PRIORITY_NO_NAME,RISK_FREE,UNCLAIMED_MONEY" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="john_paul@email.cz" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-07T04:03:51Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 8.033  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_50,DATE_IN_FUTURE_06_12,HELO_DYNAMIC_IPADDR2,HELO_DYNAMIC_SPLIT_IP,MAILTO_TO_SPAM_ADDR,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,PRIORITY_NO_NAME,RISK_FREE,UNCLAIMED_MONEY" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dear" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405061806.i46I6XuB029152@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;john paul&quot;&lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="john paul &lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;john paul&quot;&lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="john paul &lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-07T04:03:51Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-07T04:03:51Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;	for &lt;R@K&gt;; Thu, 6 May 2004 14:06:48 -0400" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu May  6 14:06:55 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt; for &lt;R@K&gt;; Thu, 6 May 2004 14:06:48 -0400" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405061806.i46I6XuB029152@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="john paul" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;john paul&quot;&lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="john paul &lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-818" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="john paul &lt;john_paul@email.cz&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405061806.i46I6XuB029152@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Dear</title>
</head>
<body><p>My name is John paul, a member of Independent Committee of 
Eminent Persons (ICEP), Switzerland. ICEP is charged with the responsibility 
of finding bank accounts in Switzerland belonging to non-Swiss 
indigenes, which have remained dormant since World War II. 

It may interest you to know that in July of 1997, the Swiss Banker's 
Association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by 
non-Swiss citizens. These accounts had been dormant since the end of World 
War II (May 9, 1945). Most belonged to Holocaust victims.

The continuing efforts of the Independent Committee of Eminent Persons 
(ICEP) have since resulted in the discovery of additional dormant 
accounts - 54,000 in December, 1999.

The published lists contain all types of dormant accounts, including 
interest-bearing savings accounts, securities accounts, safe deposit 
boxes, custody accounts, and non-interest-bearing transaction accounts. 
Numbered accounts are also included. Interest is paid on accounts that 
were interest bearing when established.

The Claims Resolution Tribunal (CRT) handles processing of all claims 
on accounts due non-Swiss citizens. A dormant account of ORDNER ADELE 
with a credit balance of 35,000,000 US dollar plus  accumulated interest 
was discovered by me. The beneficiary was murdered during the holocaust 
era, leaving no WILL and no possible records for trace of heirs. 

The Claims Resolution Tribunal has been mandated to report all 
unclaimed funds for permanent closure of accounts and transfer of existing 
credit balance into the treasury of Switzerland government as provided by 
the law for management of assets of deceased beneficiaries who died 
interstate (living no wills).

Being a top executive at ICEP, I have all secret details and necessary 
contacts for claim of the funds without any hitch. The funds will be 
banked in the Cayman Island, being a tax free, safe haven for funds and 
we can share the funds and use in investment of our choice.

Due to the sensitive nature of my job, I need a foreigner to HELP claim 
the funds. All that is required is for you to provide me with your 
details for processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim 
documents for transfer of the funds to you.

Kindly provide me with your full name, address, and telephone/fax. I 
will pay all required fees to ensure that the fund is transferred to a 
secure, numbered account in your name in the Cayman Island, of which you 
will be capable of accessing the funds gradually and transferring to 
your country and other banks of choice in the world. My share will be 60 
percent and your share is 40 per cent of the total amount. THERE IS NO 
RISK INVOLVED.

You can find additional information about unclaimed funds through the 
internet at the following websites:

www.swissbankclaims.com

http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/europe/9902/09/germany.holocaust/


www.avotaynu.com

www.icheic.org

www.livingheirs.com

www.wiesenthal.com


The Holocaust Claims Processing Office has put funds in Escrow awaiting 
submission of valid claims for necessary disbursement.

I find myself priviledged to have this information and this may be a 
great opportunity for a life time of success without risks.

Due to security reasons, reply to my via email only. You may reply to 
me securely on the following email,
johnson1313@sify.com
Thank you for your prompt response.

John


</p>

</body></html>