<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Frank Williams." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Frank Williams &lt;frankwilliams2@starmedia.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="frankwilliams2@starmedia.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-01-25T03:12:21Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="webmaster@aclweb.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASSISTANCE." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20030125031220.82B6519479@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Frank Williams." />
<meta name="creator" content="Frank Williams &lt;frankwilliams2@starmedia.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Frank Williams." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Frank Williams &lt;frankwilliams2@starmedia.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-01-25T03:12:21Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-01-25T03:12:21Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;frankwilliams2@starmedia.com&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Fri, 24 Jan 2003 22:12:32 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="LatinMail v3.0 -- http://www.starmedia.com.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir," />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 24 22:12:38 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;frankwilliams2@starmedia.com&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Fri, 24 Jan 2003 22:12:32 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20030125031220.82B6519479@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Frank Williams" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Frank Williams." />
<meta name="Author" content="Frank Williams &lt;frankwilliams2@starmedia.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="LatinMail v3.0 -- http://www.starmedia.com.com" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-83" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Frank Williams &lt;frankwilliams2@starmedia.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20030125031220.82B6519479@smtp.latinmail.com&gt;" />
<title>ASSISTANCE.</title>
</head>
<body><p>From: Mr. Frank Williams.
Gulf Bank Nig,plc. 
Head Office,Plot 1212, tijian 
bello Street, Victoria Island.P.M.B 0090, 
Lagos .www.gulfbank.com 


Attn: Sir,

I know that you must have recieved the first letter I sent to you by post, but if you have not, here comes a follow-upto the letter. 

First I must seek for your understanding and pray that God will give you the wisdom to understand my problem and be in a position to help as you will be surely blessed as you help. 

I am Mr. Frank Williams,I am 41 Years old and also the chief accountant with Gulf Bank Nig PLC . I have a transaction which I think will be of mutual benefit to both of us. In my desire for a foreign partner with whom to do this transaction, I stumbled on your contact from a business
directory. 

As the head of accounts department of GBNP, I discovered some amount of money while I was auditing accounts for the 2003 financial year
which has been lying there for over 3 years. On further inquiry, I discovered that this money totalling about USD$21.5 Million (twenty-one Million five hundred thousand United States Dollars) including accumulated interest belonged to one MR Michael Osterkamp ,a Germany Nationale who lived here and died intestate with no beneficiary.This man died through a plane crash of ADC airlines in 1998. 
I have Successfully secured the money and with the assistance of my colleague,the money has been moved out of my bank and deposited in a finances company. It was packed in three(2)metal trunk boxes as photographic materials.I would need your particulars to enable me prepare documents which will authenticate that the Consignment belongs to you as the next of kin to MR Michael Osterkamp and to enable you claim the money. 

I want to be assured of a safe account where the money will be deposited pending my arrival.This transaction is absolutely risk free with no illegal complications,I have made all necessary arrangements for a successful transaction. Before this money is entrusted 
into your care, there must be an agreement that will be  reached between us stating that: 

1.BOTH PARTIES WILL NOT FOR ANY REASON CHEAT EACH OTHER. 
2.BOTH PARTIES WILL WORK TOGETHER TO SEE THIS TRANSACTION THROUGH. 
3.A HIGH DEGREE OF TRUST AND CONFIDENTIALITY WILL BE APPLIED FOR THE SAKE OF OUR WORK. 
4.I AND MY PARTNER WILL STRONGLY BE BY YOUR SIDE AS YOU 
CLAIM THIS FUND AND I AND MY PARTNER WILL ARRAGE AN 
ATTORNEY(LAWYER)WHO WILL WORK ON YOUR BEHALF TO GET THE 
NECESSARY PAPERS NEEDED FOR A SMOOTH TRANSACTION. 
5.YOU WILL NOT DISAPPEAR WITH OUR FUND AFTER YOU 
HAVECLAIMED IT. 
6.DISBURSEMENT RATIO WILL BE 70 FOR ME AND MY 
COLLEAGUE,15 FOR YOU, 5% WILL BE DONATED TO CHARITY,WHILE 
10% WILL TAKE CARE OF OUR MUTUALEXPENCES. 

There is need for you to respond to this offer immediately as the government of my country have concluded plans to apply the money into arms procurement to project wars and unrest in African continent.I must let you know that a high degree of trust is required and also we will like to use our own share to go into any lucrative business with your help/assistance. 

Awaiting your urgent response now. 

Yours Faithfully 
Mr. Frank Williams.



_______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Obtén gratis tu cuenta de correo en StarMedia Email. ¡Regístrate hoy mismo!. http://www.starmedia.com/email


</p>

</body></html>