<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT  LETTER  FROM  SOLOMON  MUDANI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="solomon_mudani8&lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 152,000.000.00 USD)" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="solomon_mudani8 &lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-12T00:04:26Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="solomon_mudani8&lt;solomonmudani_11@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="1084320266solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT  LETTER  FROM  SOLOMON  MUDANI" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="1084320266solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="solomon_mudani8&lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 152,000.000.00 USD)" />
<meta name="creator" content="solomon_mudani8 &lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="solomon_mudani8&lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 152,000.000.00 USD)" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="solomon_mudani8 &lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-12T00:04:26Z" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-12T00:04:26Z" />
<meta name="Message-Cc" content="(ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY TWO MILLION DOLLARS" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Perl Mail::Sender Version 0.6.7 Jan Krynicky  &lt;Jenda@Krynicky.cz&gt; Czech Republic" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 11 21:39:55 2004" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="solomon_mudani8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="solomon_mudani8&lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt; (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 152,000.000.00 USD)" />
<meta name="Author" content="solomon_mudani8 &lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:reply-to" content="solomon_mudani8&lt;solomonmudani_11@yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Perl Mail::Sender Version 0.6.7 Jan Krynicky  &lt;Jenda@Krynicky.cz&gt; Czech Republic" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-824" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="solomon_mudani8 &lt;solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="1084320266solomon_mudani8@tatanova.com" />
<title>URGENT  LETTER  FROM  SOLOMON  MUDANI</title>
</head>
<body><p>3/5 RIDER HAGGARD
CLOSE, JO, BORG
SOUTH AFRICA. 

                        {URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL) 
                        (RE: TRANSFER OF ($ 152,000.000.00 USD)
                        (ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY TWO MILLION DOLLARS 

Dear sir/madam 

We want to transfer to overseas ($ 152,000.000.00USD) One hundred and 
Fifty two million United StatesDollars) from a Bank in Africa, I want to 
ask you to quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will be 
capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new 
Bank a/c immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve to 
receive this money, as long as you will remain honest to me till the end for 
this important business trusting in you and believing in God that you will 
never let me down either now or in future. 
I am MR solomon mudani, the Auditor General of a bank in Africa, during 
the course of our auditing, I discovered a floating fund in an account 
opened in the bank in 1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on this 
account again, after going through some old files in the records I discovered 
that the owner of the account died without a [heir] hence the money is 
floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for 
nothing. 
The owner of this account is Mr. Arthur Coleman , a foreigner, and an 
Industrialist, who died since 1993 and no other person knows about this 
account or anything concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and my 
investigation proved to me as well that Arthur Coleman until his death was the 
manager of Coleman Coy.(pty). SA. We will start the first transfer with fifty 
two million [$52,000.000] upon successful transaction without any 
disappointment from your side, we shall re-apply for the payment of the remaining 
amount to your account.
The amount involved is (USD 152M) One hundred and Fifty two million 
United States Dollars only. I want to first transfer $52,000.000 [fifty 
two million United States Dollars from this money into a safe foreigners 
account abroad before the rest, but I don't know any foreigner, I am only 
contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local 
person here, without valid international foreign passport, but can only be 
approved to a foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and 
foreign a/c because the money is in US DOLLARS and the former owner of the a/c 
Mr. Arthur Coleman is a foreigner too, [and the money can only be approved into a foreign a/c. However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind 
us together. I got your contact address from my Secretary who operates 
computer. I am revealing this to you with believe in God that you will never let 
me down in this business, you are the first and the only person that I am 
contacting for this business, so please reply urgently so that I will inform you 
on the next step to take urgently. Send also your private telephone and 
fax numbers including the full details of the account to be used for the 
deposit. 
I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding 
agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any account 
of your choice where the fund will be safe before we fly to your country 
for withdrawal, sharing and investments. I need your full co-operation to 
make this work fine because the management is ready to approve this payment 
to any foreigner who has correct information of this account, which I will 
give to you, upon your positive response and once I am convinced that you 
are capable and will meet up with instructions of a key bank official who 
is deeply involved with me in this business. I need your strong assurance 
that you will never,never let me down. With my influence and the position of 
the bank official, we can transfer this money to any foreigner's reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be 
intact pending our physical arrival in your country for sharing. The bank 
official will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this 
money leaving no trace to any place and to build confidence you can come 
immediately to discuss with me face to face after which I will make this remittance 
in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two 
days ahead of the money going into the account. 
I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I hear from you 
that you are ready to act and receive this fund in your account. I will 
use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from 
the relevant ministries and foreign exchange departments. At the conclusion 
of this business, you will be given 35% of the total amount, 60% will be 
for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might have incurred 
during the process of transfering. 
I look forward to your earliest reply to this email address 
solomon_mudani11@yahoo.com
Yours, 

MR solomon.

</p>

</body></html>