<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent and confidential (Assistance Needed) " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="monicayangani250@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="R@M" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-14T11:49:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@T (Dddddddd Rrrrr)" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="monicayangani250@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@T" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@T (Dddddddd Rrrrr)" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="monicayangani250@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-original-to" content="rrrrr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040514114912.DE5E31342B@tangra.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="monicayangani250@netscape.net" />
<meta name="creator" content="R@M" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="monicayangani250@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Original-To" content="rrrrr" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-14T11:49:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-14T11:49:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;R@T&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="ELM [version 2.5 PL2]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="Sir/Madam" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Delivered-To" content="R@T" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="R@T  Fri May 14 07:49:12 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;R@T&gt; Â " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;20040514114912.DE5E31342B@tangra.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="monicayangani250@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Author" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="ELM [version 2.5 PL2]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-830" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040514114912.DE5E31342B@tangra.si.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-delivered-to" content="R@T" />
<title></title>
</head>
<body><p>Date: Fri, 14 May 2004 06:59:43 -0400
From: monicayangani250@netscape.net
To: monicayangani250@netscape.net
Subject: Urgent and confidential (Assistance Needed) 

&gt;From Monica Yangani
Email monicayangani250@netscape.net
Tel 27 8046828612


ATTN:Sir/Madam
   

I know you will be surprised to hear from me, but please consider this as a request from family in dire need of assistance.I am Mrs.Monica Yangani, writing to you from Government Reserved Area (GRA).I got your contact information from the Republic of Congo Chamber of Commerce and Industry. When I was searching for a reliable individual or private company that can assist me to transfer a reasonable amount in a safe account abroad on behalf of my late husband, two sons and two daughters. I decided to solicit your assistance to transfer this sum of US $20 Million (Twenty Million, United States Dollars)inherited from my late husband in to your personal company’s account or private account.Before his death, he was a Brigadier in charge of arms and ammunition procurement for the (DRC) army. In his WILL?he specifically draws my attention to this US$ 20 Million which he deposited in a safe box in Private Security Company in South Africa.  During the war, he was very dedicated and committed to winning the war against the rebels until when he found out that some Senior Army Officers and Government Functionaries were busy helping themselves with government funds and properties and sending them toforeign countries. Due to this, he and his former special advisers to the president were assigned by the President (Laurent Kabila) to purchase arms in South Africa, they saw this as a golden opportunity and diverted the money and divided it and he got a total sum of US $20 Million. He deposited the box in my son’s name and him alone with the deposit code canclaim it.

I will be grateful if you can assist us now. I want you to do for us as an international partner to help us transfer this money which is in a safety box in the Security Company using your name as the beneficiary of
this sum. You can contact  me or my son (George Yangani)  in
South Africa on  this number+27 8046828612. Then, we will tell you more details about it. We are in position to inform you of the whole procedures mapped out of the transfer of this money.We have agreed to give you 25% of the total sum for your assistance, 5% for any expenses that might occur from both sides in the course of this transaction,while the remaining 70% will be for my son's investment, which you will assist him to do abroad.

Further information and arrangement will commence as soon as trust, confidence and good relationship will be established and safety of this fund assured when transferred to your account.Please treat this matter with utmost urgency.May Allah (God) bless you as I earnestly hope for your
assistance. 

Best Regards 

Monica Yangani (for the family)



__________________________________________________________________
Introducing the New Netscape Internet Service. 
Only $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at http://isp.netscape.com/register

Netscape. Just the Net You Need. 

New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at http://channels.netscape.com/ns/search/install.jsp

</p>

</body></html>