<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-senderip" content="64.86.155.142" />
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr. Lawrence Smith" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?lawrence.smith?=&quot; &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="lawrence.smith &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="lawrence.smith@voila.fr" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?lawrence.smith?=&quot; &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="lawrence.smith &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="lawrence.smith@voila.fr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-type" content="0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr. Lawrence Smith" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SenderIP" content="64.86.155.142" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;H99VZ9$A5F0C65BF65F97C7DA3A43B7A21ADB09@voila.fr&gt; 2003=0D=0A=0D=0AATTN: PRESIDENT/CEO=0D=0A=0D=0A=0D=0A               STRI=" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?lawrence.smith?=&quot; &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="lawrence.smith &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?lawrence.smith?=&quot; &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="lawrence.smith &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-XaM3-API-Version" content="3.2 R27 (B52-pl1)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;	for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sat, 25 Jan 2003 09:04:05 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Jan 25 09:04:11 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt; for &lt;R@M&gt;; Sat, 25 Jan 2003 09:04:05 -0500 (EST) LAGOS NIGERIA=0D=0AEMAIL-Lawrencesmith@caramail.com=0D=0A25TH OF January=" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;H99VZ9$A5F0C65BF65F97C7DA3A43B7A21ADB09@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-type" content="0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 heir, because we cannotrelease the fund from his=0D=0Aaccount unless som=" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="lawrence.smith" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;=?iso-8859-1?Q?lawrence.smith?=&quot; &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="lawrence.smith &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-xam3-api-version" content="3.2 R27 (B52-pl1)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-84" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="lawrence.smith &lt;lawrence.smith@voila.fr&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;H99VZ9$A5F0C65BF65F97C7DA3A43B7A21ADB09@voila.fr&gt; 2003=0D=0A=0D=0AATTN: PRESIDENT/CEO=0D=0A=0D=0A=0D=0A               STRI=" />
<title>From Mr. Lawrence Smith</title>
</head>
<body><p>CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
TINUBU SQUARE, LAGOS NIGERIA
EMAIL-Lawrencesmith@caramail.com
25TH OF January 2003

ATTN: PRESIDENT/CEO


               STRICTLY PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL
I am Mr. Lawrence Smith. A, the bills and exchange Director at
the Foreign Remittance Department of the Central Bank of
Nigeria. I am writing you this letter to ask for your
support and cooperation to carrying this business
opportunity in my department. We discovered abandoned the
sum of US$37,400,000.00 (Thirty seven million four hundred
thousand unitedstates dollars) in an account that belong to
one of our foreign customers,an American late Engr.ben
daniel (Junior) an oil merchant with the federal government
of Nigeria who died along with his entire family of a wife
and two children in Kenya Airbus (A310-300) flight KQ430 in
November2000.

Since we heard of his death, we have been expecting his
next of kin to come over and put claims for his money as
the heir, because we cannotrelease the fund from his
account unless someone applies for claims asthe next of kin
to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines.
Unfortunately, neither their family member nor distant
relative has appeared to claim the said fund. Upon this
discovery, I and other officialsin my department have
agreed to make business with you release the total amount
into your account as the heir of the fund since no one came
for it or discovered either maintained account with our
bank, other wisethe fund will be returned to the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

We have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated
thus: 30%for you as foreign partner and 70% for us the
officials in my department. Upon the successful completion
of this transfer, my colleague and I will come to your
country and mind our share. It is from our 60% we intend to
import computer accessories into my country as way of
recycling thefund. To commence this transaction we require
you to immediately indicateyour interest by calling me or
sending me a fax immediately on the aboveTelefax # and
enclose your private contact Telephone #, Fax #, full
nameand address and your designated banking co- ordinates
to enable us fileletter of claim to the appropriate
department for necessary approvalsbefore the transfer can
be made.

Note also, this transaction must be kept strictly
confidential becauseof its nature.

NB: Please remember to give me your Phone and Fax No

Mr. Lawrence Smith. A
------------------------------------------

Faites un voeu et puis Voila ! www.voila.fr 



</p>

</body></html>