<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Dearest friend" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs. Juliana Faith Peters" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Juliana Faith Peters &lt;mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadband/home.html?code=3DSM-NL-11AM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mrsjfpeters@postmaster.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dearest friend" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mrsjfpeters@postmaster.co.uk" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs. Juliana Faith Peters" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Juliana Faith Peters &lt;mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs. Juliana Faith Peters" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Juliana Faith Peters &lt;mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat May 15 05:01:54 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk&gt; Having known my condition I decided to donate this" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs Juliana Faith Peters" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs. Juliana Faith Peters" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Juliana Faith Peters &lt;mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-831" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs Juliana Faith Peters &lt;mrsjfp11@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<title>Dearest friend</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dearest friend

From: Mrs. Juliana Faith Peters
Bless the children of God.
I am the above named person but now undergoing medical
treatment now. I am married to Dr.Alan George Peters
who worked with south africa embassy in nigeria for
nine years before he died in the year 2001.

We were married for eleven years without a child. He
died after a brief illness that lasted for only four
days. Before his death we were both born again
Christians.Since his death I decided not to re-marry
or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the
Bible is against.When my late husband was alive he
deposited the sum of$27.6Million (twenty-seven Million
six hundred thousand U.S. Dollars) with one
finance/security company in Europe.

Presently, this money is still with the Security
Company. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not
last for the next three months due to cancer problem.
Though what disturbs me most is my stroke.

 Having known my condition I decided to donate this
fund to church or better still a christian individual
that will utilize this money the way I am going to
instruct here in. I want a church or individual that
will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows
propagating the word of God and to ensure that the
house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to
understand that Blessed is the hand that giveth.

I took this decision because I don?t have any child
that will inherit this money and my husband relatives
are not Christians and I don?t want my husband?s hard
earned money to be misused by unbelievers. I don?t
want a situation where this money will be used in an
ungodly manner, hence the reason for taking this bold
decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where
I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bossom
of the Lord.

Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case
and I shall hold my peace. I don?t need any telephone
communication in this regard because of my health,and
because of the presence of my husband?s relatives
around me always. I don?t want them to know about this
development. With God all things are possible. As soon
as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact
of the Finance/Security Company Europe. I will also
issue you a letter of authority that will empower you
as the original- beneficiary of this fund. I want you
and the church to always pray for me because the lord
is my shephard. My happiness is that I lived a life of
a worthy Christian. Whoever that wants to serve the
Lord must serve him in spirit and truth. Please always
be prayerful all through your
life.

Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing
for a church or christian individual for this same
purpose. Please assure me that you will act
accordingly as I stated herein. Hoping to hear from
you.

please reply me through this email;
&lt;mrsjfpeters@postmaster.co.uk&gt;

Remain blessed in the name of the Lord.
Yours in Christ,
Mrs Juliana faith peters.



__________________________________________________
Broadband from an unbeatable £15.99!

http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadband/home.html?code=SM-NL-11AM



</p>

</body></html>