<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Compliments" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA.&quot; &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt; 1 =2EIs your country good for such investment=3F=3F=3F" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA. &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-17T13:14:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="princesshasihatu@myway.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M upon which  you shall proceed to the official premises of the Security Company to take delivery of" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M upon which  you shall proceed to the official premises of the Security Company to take delivery of" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="princesshasihatu@yahoo.com.hk " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="princesshasihatu@yahoo.com.hk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Compliments" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405171314.i4HDEo3q025699@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt; As a matter of introduction=2C I am the only surviving daughter of late Chief Ibrahim Sessey Cola=2C the paramount chief of Munsh District of Sierra Leone who was killed on  8th January  1999=2C by the trigger happy rebels=2E Most unfortunately" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA.&quot; &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt; 1 =2EIs your country good for such investment=3F=3F=3F" />
<meta name="creator" content="PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA. &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA.&quot; &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt; 1 =2EIs your country good for such investment=3F=3F=3F" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA. &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-17T13:14:47Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-17T13:14:47Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 17 09:15:22 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt; =2E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405171314.i4HDEo3q025699@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA.&quot; &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt; 1 =2EIs your country good for such investment=3F=3F=3F" />
<meta name="Author" content="PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA. &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-837" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA. &lt;princesshasihatu@myway.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405171314.i4HDEo3q025699@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt; As a matter of introduction=2C I am the only surviving daughter of late Chief Ibrahim Sessey Cola=2C the paramount chief of Munsh District of Sierra Leone who was killed on  8th January  1999=2C by the trigger happy rebels=2E Most unfortunately" />
<title>Compliments</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear,
In my quest for a reliable and reputable person to engage in a mutual business relationship,
I got your email through my retune search for a suitable preson that can help me in my predicament. And I  sincerely apologies for my contacting you in this form please bear with me.  And accept my indecent introduction, it was bore out of my despiration to get off my inadequcy to takle my immediate problems.
 .
 As a matter of introduction, I am the only surviving daughter of late Chief Ibrahim Sessey Cola, the paramount chief of Munsh District of Sierra Leone who was killed on  8th January  1999, by the trigger happy rebels. Most unfortunately
for me I came  from a polygamous family, and a student but out of school because of this problem.
During my father's lifetime he was actively engaged in ILLEGAL MINING AND SALES OF
DIAMOND, from where he made his enormous wealth.
Prior to my father's death, he left a WILL with his lawyer, which was made available to us upon
observation and conclusion of his burial. And as the only daughter most of his
properties were willed to me, most importantly is the sum of US$35M (thirty five million United States
dollars)which he deposited in a private security company in Europe which is also among my inheritance from my
deceased father.

I obviously know that it might be very difficult for you to believe my story but it is what is really happing to me now for
upon introduction of this WILL all my father's relatives have not been at peace with me, they were
not happy how my father assigned all the enormous wealth to me. As a poor girl, they have systematically and forcefully
collected from me all documents of the properties 'willed' to me. Not including a huge amount of money at ARE Bank of
sierra Leone which they could not withdrawn due to a court order restraining either party from making withdrawals pending the determination of a Litigation filled by my father's relations
challenging the WILL. Now since I am too hard for them{ the relatives) to subdue, they were making
attempts to kill me so that nobody can stop them from carrying out their act, as they have succeeded in
killing my mother last year. Infact the fear and warning of killing me has well griped me so much that I could
not bear it anymore, hence I ran away from our family house to live with a school mate of mine whose father
is a military man,with advise of my father*s lawyer to safeguard my life.

Considering my age and inexperienced in business and investment procedures, please I want you to help me
in  retreving this fund which I will use to  invest  in a profitable venture in a country where there is
Economic and political stability.  And if I may ask.......

 1 .Is your country good for such investment???

Because I do not want to make mistake.

2 Can you help me???? without trying to double cross me

If you assent to help me in this regard, we shall then discuss what I will give you in return for your assistance. And before I disclose anything, we  will firstly have to sign a Memorandum of Understanding
 upon which  you shall proceed to the official premises of the Security Company to take delivery of
the funds which I will use for  forfurther investment with your help or with the help of another person pending what comes out between us.
Please put into consideration my incapabilities in some respects, therefore I would prefer all correspondence
to be through Email which is more secret and confidential, as I can not use my school mate father's telephone
to avoid jeopardizing my staythere. Every document concerning these funds is with me, upon request I will sent it to you if need be. .
Should you not be willing to collaborate with me in this, please inform me urgently to enable me look
for another person. Or you email me at princesshasihatu@yahoo.com.hk.
Thanks in anticipation to your positive response.

Regards.
PRINCESS HASIHATU SESSEY COLA.






</p>

</body></html>