<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From dan kabila" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;daniel kabila&quot; &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="daniel kabila &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-18T15:18:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dankabila001@yehey.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dankabila001@yehey.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dankabila001@yehey.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="dankabila001@yehey.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dankabila2003@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20124.172.16.51.11.1084893511.squirrel@mail.yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From dan kabila" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dankabila2003@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20124.172.16.51.11.1084893511.squirrel@mail.yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;daniel kabila&quot; &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="daniel kabila &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;daniel kabila&quot; &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="daniel kabila &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-18T15:18:31Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-18T15:18:31Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt; Processed in 0.167702 secs); 18 May 2004 15:18:31 -0000        (SquirrelMail authenticated user dankabila001@yehey.com)        by mail.yehey.com with HTTP;        Tue, 18 May 2004 17:18:31 +0200 (SAST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-&lt;p&gt;to" content="President/Ceo&lt;BR&gt;From:Daniel Kabila&lt;BR&gt;Johannesburg,South Africa&lt;/P&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 18 11:41:21 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt; Processed in 0.167702 secs); 18 May 2004 15:18:31 -0000 (SquirrelMail authenticated user dankabila001@yehey.com) by mail.yehey.com with HTTP; Tue, 18 May 2004 17:18:31 +0200 (SAST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="daniel kabila" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;daniel kabila&quot; &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="daniel kabila &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-840" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="daniel kabila &lt;dankabila001@yehey.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20124.172.16.51.11.1084893511.squirrel@mail.yehey.com&gt;" />
<title>From dan kabila</title>
</head>
<body><p>To: President/Ceo
From:Daniel Kabila
Johannesburg,South Africa</p>


<p>INVESTMENT OFFER</p>


<p>Dear Sir</p>


<p>In appreciation of your esteemed contact received through a reliable
source and the choice of your country I wish to introduce myself, I am
Daniel Kabila the son of the late Democratic Republic of Congo President
Laurent Desire Kabila of the blessed memory. I know this letter might come
to you as a surprise but I honestly do not intend to surprise you. I write
this letterin respect of my intention to invest the sum of US$28M(Twenty
Eight Million United State Dollars) with you. 
I inherited this money
from my mother. This money was got through the smuggling and sale of
Diamond and Timber when my father was the head of state. </p>


<p>My mother though not her legal wife used her privilege position to
engage in the business of Diamond and Timber since she knows that her
survival will depend on how much she can get out of the privilege
situation.</p>


<p>When my father was assassinated on 16TH Jan. 01 by one of his
bodyguards Lt.Rashidi Kasereke through the conspiracy of some top army
officers that wanted to topple him I escaped to South Africa because of
the fear that I might be arrested by my half brother Lt. General Joseph
Kabila the present head of state. Actually his mother and my mother are
not in the best of relationship because of who among them will be the
first lady tussle and this ultimately affected us their
children.Considering the relationship between South Africa and the
Democratic Republic of Congo new government, my mother advised me to leave
For South Africa for security reason, while the funds were deposited with
a security Company in Madrid Spain. On getting to South Africa where I
have been living since then as a political refugee I am seeking for a
reliable foreigner who can assist me in moving this money out for safe
banking and profitable investment. Honestly I contacted you because I
don't want to invest this money in South Africa due to my status here as a
political Refugee. And moreover I wouldn't want to take risk because this
money is all that I and my Mother is depending on because My half brother
has seized all my father's assets and money and left I and my mother empty
handed without knowing about this funds deposited at the Security Company
in Madrid Spain so that is why I decided that investing this money abroad
should be the best investment for me. I will be honored if I can be given
the privilege of investing this money with your help.
In view of this
plight, I expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to respond to this
distress call to save my mother and I from a hopeless future. </p>


<p>And if you agree, I hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid
effort in this regard with 20% of the total money and annual 5% of the
after tax returns on investment for the first three years. Thereafter, the
term shall be varied. 5% for expenses, which may arise during the
transaction, fax and phone bills inclusive.$28million US Dollars. when the
money ($28million) is moved into your discrete account, you will be
allowed to draw 20% your favor, while the remaining 70% will be invested
meaningfully for our future if possible in your area of business and
deterrents sectors of the Economy in your country which are dividends
yielding. Whatever your decision is please reach me immediately through my
private phone or Email, and keep this letter tight secret for the interest
of my family. </p>


<p>Best Regards,</p>


<p>Daniel Kabila.
</p>


<p>----------------------------------------------------------------
This email is powered by <a shape="rect" href="http://www.yehey.com/mail">YEHEY!Mail</a> - Your Online Mailman
Get your free 6MB web based mail now!

</p>

</body></html>