<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa&quot; &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt; " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-18T15:14:07Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable " />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405181614.i4IGEGfb004331@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa&quot; &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa&quot; &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt; " />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-18T15:14:07Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; " />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-18T15:14:07Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM " />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue May 18 12:14:22 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405181614.i4IGEGfb004331@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa&quot; &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt; " />
<meta name="Author" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-841" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa &lt;fatima_khalifa2004@Z6.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405181614.i4IGEGfb004331@granny.mr.itd.UM&gt; " />
<title>Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MRS, FATIMA RASHEED KHALIFA
ADDRESS:NORTH ZONE BAZRA IRAQ.)


Please permit me your little endulgence to solicit
for your unreserved attention,
based on my urgly condition of life though one with
almighty Allah is with majority.
I am Mrs Fatima R. Khalifa, a widow to Late Sheik
Mohammed Rasheed Khalifa.

I am 64 years old of a born muslim faith. Presently
i am suffering from long time cancer of the breast, from
all indications, my condition is really deteriorating
and is quite obvious that I won't live more than six
months according to my doctor,because the cancer stage has
gotten to a very bad stage.

My late husband was killed during the invasion of
collition forces from American and Britain in Iraq,
unfortunately he died leaving behind a huge sum of money
which he had looted from a supply of ammunition to
the ex- Saddam Hussein Government.
This money is now in the vault of a private security
company oversea to be precise in Holland,
but due to my present bad condition of health as I
am suffering from Cancer of the breast its quite
impossible for me to travel that distance to receive
this money.

To this effect I have writen a letter throgh my
family lawyer requesting for the transfer
of this box to Dubai United Arab Emirates pending
when I can succeed in getting a trust and
reliable person to utilize this money. Although,
today, I have received a signal from the security
company notifying me of the approval to transfer  the
consignment through their agent.

Therefore, let me receive your total support and
security assurance that the consignment will
be save in your hand .

I want you to understand that a neither have any son
nor have any person to entrust this
money to which I know that it is better make use of
a total foreigner to achieve my aim.
Atleast had it been that during the period of our
marriage we could produce any child, my late
husband was very wealthy and after his death, his
offspring will inherited all his business and wealth.

I got your contact through a desperate and personal
search on the web, for someone
I could really trust and I have prayed over it.

Therefore my desire now is to contribute part of
this  wealth to the propagation of islam and in
assisting the less-privileged Muslim faithful in
Africa,Asia,Europe and in all Arab-Nation's .

I have discussed this with my Family Lawyer hence I
am willing to donate part of it atleast 40% of  the
total sum of US$16,250,00000. (sixteen Million two hundred
and fifty thousand US Dollars)for the development of
the holy work of islam, as well as distribution's to aid
muslim's faithfuls.

Please I want you to note that, this fund is lying
in a Security Company in Holland The Netherlands so it can be
transferred to you upon your readiness to co-join with me in this
transaction and secure the money.


For that, my lawyer will file application's that
will back you up for the transfer of
the money in your name as the beneficiary only if
you promise to use this funds/my donations
judiciouly for the said purpose.

Therefore,I have decided to set-aside 40% for the
promotion of holy islam and the work of Allah.
while 30% will be retuned back to me through my
lawyer so that I can offset my bills
in the hospital because of the cancer treatment.

If you have to die says the Allah, keep fit and I
will give you the crown of life.
May the Grace of Allah be our guide and be my refuge
when i leave this world.

Moreso,I further decided to offer you 20% While the
remaining 10% is for the expenses incured during
the facillitation of the project.

Yours in Allah,

Mrs Fatima Rasheed Khalifa


</p>

</body></html>