<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Dr Frank Obi&quot; &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dr Frank Obi &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="frankobi@direccion.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-19T09:10:12Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;13.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="attachment; filename=&quot;13.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="frankobi1@frankobi.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="===_SecAtt_000_1fnywcdtgfvcfy" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="frankobi1@frankobi.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="VERY URGENT" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="base64" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405191337.i4JDawBs020824@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Dr Frank Obi&quot; &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dr Frank Obi &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Dr Frank Obi&quot; &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dr Frank Obi &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-19T09:10:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="application/octet-stream; name=&quot;13.txt&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-19T09:10:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May 19 09:38:26 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405191337.i4JDawBs020824@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dr Frank Obi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Dr Frank Obi&quot; &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dr Frank Obi &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-848" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dr Frank Obi &lt;frankobi@direccion.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405191337.i4JDawBs020824@brokenways.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>VERY URGENT</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>From:DR.FRANK OBI.
E-mail:frankobi1@frankobi.net
Tel:234-8042137980
19/05/2004

We are making this contact with you because of the
reliable information available to us concerning your reputation and that of your company. This business request may seem strange, but I crave your indulgence and pray you, view it seriously as we
are convinced that you would be capable to provide us with a solution to a moneytransfer of Thirty Two Million, Five hundred thousand United State Dollars (US$32,500,000.00)

First of all I am an accountant and Auditor of the
Petroleum (special) Trust Fund (N.N.P.C) the Apex Department of
the Oil Industry in Nigeria. I am also a member of its Foreign
Contract Tenders Committee (FCTC). My principal Job/function
has to do with the Appraisal and Approval of payment of contract
awarded by this parastatal. In the course of my duties, I discovered
various over inflated contract values totaling US$32.5Million. The
said amount emanated from deliberate over invoicing of old
projects executed by some foreign firms through some government
officials.These officials have since been moved or retired following
the inauguration of the new administration. After due consultation
with key members of the Tenders Committee (FCTC), I was mandated to
seek and arrange with a trusted foreign National who can assist us in
transferring the above state amount out of Nigeria.

Now that all the contracts have been paid following the completion
and commissioning of the various contract, the above mentioned sum
through approved is still floating. We decided to transfer this money
to a safe and trusted bank accounts with a very reliable person to
assist us after which the funds be share in the understated ratio.

Your assistance is needed for two main reasons; (i) As government
employees ,we are not permitted by the Nigeria law to operate
foreignaccounts. (ii)Since the initial contracts were executed by the
foreign firms, only a foreign firm can make claims or as a
beneficiary for the purpose of transferring the money out of Nigeria.

We have unanimously agreed to compensate you with 35% of the total
sum ( US$32.5Million ) if you are willing to render us your
assistance as regards the transfer .it was also agreed that 5% shall
be set aside to offset incidental expenses that might be incurred by
either of us course of offsetting this transfer. The remaining 60%
shall be our due share.


All necessary arrangements required for a speedy conclusion of this
transaction have been put in place with top officials of the Nigeria
Federal Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Nigeria to enable
us conclude the whole transaction within a very shortspace of time.

What is required of you is first to furnish us with the following
through my email address.

1.) Bank details to be used (that is banks name and account number )
2.) The beneficiary's name.
3.) Your private / official telephone and fax number.
While promising you a smooth and hitch -free transfer of this fund
into the account nominated by you, we want you to know that this is
very sensitive transaction which should not be disclosed to any other
party. This is very important because this deals involves some high
ranking Nigeria Government Officials who would not want to be
involved in any form of scandal.We however trust that this will be
the beginning of a lasting business relationship between you and us
as we shall appreciate your advice on the investment opportunities in
your line of business or any other type of viable business in your
country.

If this deal interest you,reply me immediately through my personal E-mail: frankobi1@frankobi.net or call me on my receiving number:234-8042137980 for more details.

Best regards as we look forward to hearing from you
soonest.

Your Sincerely,
DR FRANK OBI



</p>

</p>
</div>
<div class="email-entry"><p />
</div>
</body></html>