<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 19.973  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Business Proposal" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING,MIME_BOUND_MANY_HEX,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_SUBJECT2,URGENT_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dan@danielm.org" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-22T23:38:12Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 19.973  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="dan@danielm.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="3febc2e5-40ae-419d-888a-c596c43265bb" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING,MIME_BOUND_MANY_HEX,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_SUBJECT2,URGENT_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="dan@danielm.org" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="dan@danielm.org" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Business Proposal" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405222338.i4MNc4I8012348@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-22T23:38:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-22T23:38:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;	for &lt;R@K&gt;; Sat, 22 May 2004 19:50:41 -0400	for &lt;R@E&gt;; Sat, 22 May 2004 19:50:09 -0400" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat May 22 19:54:00 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dan@danielm.org&gt; for &lt;R@K&gt;; Sat, 22 May 2004 19:50:41 -0400 for &lt;R@E&gt;; Sat, 22 May 2004 19:50:09 -0400 " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405222338.i4MNc4I8012348@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-853" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405222338.i4MNc4I8012348@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Urgent Business Proposal</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>Kenya Commercial Bank
City Centre,
P.O. Box 44252,Nairobi.
Kenya
Email:dan@danielm.org


Dear Sir/Madam,

May I crave your indulgence to open this business discussion with you by an informal letter of this sort. It
is pertinent that a business of this magnitude should have commenced properly with a formal meeting
between you and us to enable both parties know ourselves, have a fore knowledge of the nature of the
business, discuss and acquaint ourselves with the responsibilities and functions of both parties and
appropriate shares accordingly.

I am Dan Wilson Branch Manager of Kenya Commercial Bank in Kenya.This is an urgent and very
confidential business proposition.

On June 6, 2001,a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the Kenya Ministry Of Energy,
Mr.Clifford Stone made a numbered time(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at
US$21,500,000.00,(Twenty-One Million, five hundred thousand Dollars) in my branch.
Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month,we
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers,the National Petroleum
Corporation that Mr.Clifford Stone died from an automobile accident.

On further investigation,I found out that he died without making a WILL,and all attempts to trace his next
of kin was fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.Clifford Stone did not declare any kin or
relations in all his official documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of
US$21,500,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping. No one will ever come forward
to claim it. According to South African Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the
ownership of the Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a Foreigner to stand in as the owner of the money
which was fixed deposited in my bank. I am writing you because I as a public servant,i cannot operate a
foreign account.

I want to present you as the owner of the funds so you can be able to claim them with the help of my
attorney. This is simple.I will like you to provide immediately your telephone number,full names and
address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the
beneficiary of the funds.

The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 80% for me and 20% for you.The paperwork
for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction.

If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email and Upon your response,I shall then provide
you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in real estate within your country.

Due to the nature of confidentiality in this Transaction our communication can only be via email and fax
mostly.

Awaiting your urgent reply via my private email:


Thanks and my regards.

Dan Wilson
Branch Manager
Kenya Commercial Bank




</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>