<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 34.032  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="Urgent Business Proposal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_SUBJECT2,RCVD_AM_PM,TRACKER_ID,URGENT_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3,WITH_LC_SMTP,X_PRIORITY_HIGH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-23T17:36:12Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 34.032  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,NIGERIAN_SUBJECT2,RCVD_AM_PM,TRACKER_ID,URGENT_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3,WITH_LC_SMTP,X_PRIORITY_HIGH" />
<meta name="MboxParser-email" content="dan@danielm.org" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Urgent Business Proposal" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405231736.i4NHZq2c018337@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-23T17:36:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-23T17:36:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Build 10.0.2627" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun May 23 13:37:01 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405231736.i4NHZq2c018337@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="Dan Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Build 10.0.2627" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-854" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405231736.i4NHZq2c018337@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Urgent Business Proposal</title>
</head>
<body><p>From:Dan Wilson
Kenya Commercial Bank
City Centre, 
P.O. Box 44252,Nairobi.
Kenya 
Email:dan@danielm.org


Dear Sir/Madam, 

May I crave your indulgence to open this business discussion with you by an informal letter of this sort. It 
is pertinent that a business of this magnitude should have commenced properly with a formal meeting 
between you and us to enable both parties know ourselves, have a fore knowledge of the nature of the 
business, discuss and acquaint ourselves with the responsibilities and functions of both parties and 
appropriate shares accordingly.

I am Dan Wilson Branch Manager of Kenya Commercial Bank in Kenya.This is an urgent and very 
confidential business proposition. 

On June 6, 2001,a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the Kenya Ministry Of Energy, 
Mr.Clifford Stone made a numbered time(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at 
US$21,500,000.00,(Twenty-One Million, five hundred thousand Dollars) in my branch. 
Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month,we 
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers,the National Petroleum 
Corporation that Mr.Clifford Stone died from an automobile accident. 

On further investigation,I found out that he died without making a WILL,and all attempts to trace his next 
of kin was fruitless. 

I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.Clifford Stone did not declare any kin or 
relations in all his official documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of 
US$21,500,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping. No one will ever come forward 
to claim it. According to South African Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the 
ownership of the Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. 

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a Foreigner to stand in as the owner of the money 
which was fixed deposited in my bank. I am writing you because I as a public servant,i cannot operate a 
foreign account. 

I want to present you as the owner of the funds so you can be able to claim them with the help of my 
attorney. This is simple.I will like you to provide immediately your telephone number,full names and 
address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the 
beneficiary of the funds. 

The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 80% for me and 20% for you.The paperwork 
for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will guarantees the successful execution of this 
transaction. 

If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email and Upon your response,I shall then provide 
you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. 

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable 
for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in real estate within your country. 

Due to the nature of confidentiality in this Transaction our communication can only be via email and fax 
mostly. 

Awaiting your urgent reply via my private email:


Thanks and my regards. 

Dan Wilson 
Branch Manager 
Kenya Commercial Bank





mvurgxqhidbbalgifpkokhddeopgmrwuy

</p>

</body></html>