<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-senderip" content="64.110.68.101" />
<meta name="subject" content="hello" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sensitivity" content="3 I wanted the fund to be" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;markduke2004&quot; &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt; you will first apply to the" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="markduke2004 &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="markduke2004@libero.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 foreigner as next of kin in this" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&quot;markduke2004&quot; &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt; be remitted. Upon receipt of" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="markduke2004 &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-type" content="0" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="markduke2004@libero.it" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sensitivity" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="hello" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-SenderIP" content="64.110.68.101" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable the customer" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;HY7WSH$A937624A76DC243E2D46D43A4EB6F46C@libero.it&gt; death we have been expecting any of his" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;markduke2004&quot; &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt; you will first apply to the" />
<meta name="creator" content="markduke2004 &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;markduke2004&quot; &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt; you will first apply to the" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="markduke2004 &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1 foreigner as next of kin in this" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-XaM3-API-Version" content="4.1 (B27)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 24 08:43:07 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt; am a director" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;HY7WSH$A937624A76DC243E2D46D43A4EB6F46C@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-type" content="0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 B. Ashraf for safety and subsequent" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="markduke2004" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;markduke2004&quot; &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt; you will first apply to the" />
<meta name="Author" content="markduke2004 &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-xam3-api-version" content="4.1 (B27)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-857" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="markduke2004 &lt;markduke2004@libero.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;HY7WSH$A937624A76DC243E2D46D43A4EB6F46C@libero.it&gt; death we have been expecting any of his" />
<title>hello</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Sir/Madam,


This letter might surprise you because we have met

neither in person nor by correspondence. But I
believe it is one day that you get to know Somebody
either in physical or through correspondence

I sincerely write to seek your co-operation and trust
to enable my colleagues and I carry out an urgent
business Opportunity in my department. I am a director
with the Citizens Trust Bank Plc.
I used to be a business partner to one Mr. Ali B.
Ashraf who died along with his family on the 8th of
November 1999 in an ADC Boeing 727 plane crash at
Egirin River. All 141 passengers on Boards were feared
dead.
He left in his domiciliary account the total sum of
$25.5 million (Fifteen million five hundred thousand
USA Dollars).Since the management got the information
of his death we have been expecting any of his
relation or his next of kin to come up and claimhis
money. Unfortunately from the day of his death till
the time of this letter none of his relation or
friends has come up for the claim. The banking and
financial law of Citizens Trust Bank Plc's stipulates
that if such fund remained unclaimed after a period
offour (5) it will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed
bill.
On this discovery sir/Madam, I and two other senior staffs
now decided do

business with you and release the money to you as the
next of kin to Ali B. Ashraf for safety and subsequent
disbursement. I will soon proceed for my retirement
leave this year, and I personally do not want this
fund to be transferred into the bank treasury as
unclaimed bill.That is why I wanted the fund to be
move out of the bank before I proceed on my retirement
from the banking services by December 15th 2004.
The need for a foreigner as next of kin in this
project is occasioned by the fact that the customer
Mr. Ali Ashraf was a foreigner and a Nigerian cannot
stand as his next of kin or heir. We have agreed that
20% of the Fund would be for you as foreign
partner;thereafter my colleague and I will visit your
country for disbursement
according to the percentages indicated.

To enable the immediate transfer of the fund into
yournominated account, you will first apply to the
bank as the next of kin of the deceased.

Indicating your bank account number and location
wherein the money will be remitted. Upon receipt of
your acknowledgement indicating your
interest, I will send to you the text of the
application that youwill send to the Citizens Trust
Bank authority for an approval to submit your claims.

Indicates your direct Fax and telephone numbers for
effective
communication that this transaction needs.Please note that
you are not to appear in person, as every thing
regarding this project will be strictly on
documentations and every banking documents needed for
this transaction will be taken care of.
Looking forward to urgently hearing from you.



Yours Faithfully

Chief Mark Duke
Director
Citizens Trust Bank Plc's

</p>

</body></html>