<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ATTN:Dddddddd R. Rrrrr" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//uk.messenger.yahoo.com/download/index.html" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040526111028.82460.qmail@web25110.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ATTN:Dddddddd R. Rrrrr" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040526111028.82460.qmail@web25110.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;barrrgeorge003@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed May 26 07:10:38 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;barrrgeorge003@yahoo.co.uk&gt; " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-858" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040526111028.82460.qmail@web25110.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>ATTN:Dddddddd R. Rrrrr</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN  Dddddddd R. Rrrrr    ,
  
 
I am   BARRISTER P.T.GEORGE at law. I am the personal
Attorney to MR  Robert Rrrrr  a national of your
country, who used to work  with shell development
company in Nigeria and as well a one time secret agent
in transfering of money overseas for the Late head of
state of Nigeria {Late Gen.SANI ABACHA}.Before his
death On the 21st of April 1999 my client,his wife And
their three childrenwere involved in a car accident
along sagbama express road in which alloccupants of
the motor died}. My  client{ROBERT} deposited as
family belongings in a CONSIGNMENT {ie jewelries} the
sum of $10m in a Global  Security and finance company
here in Nigeria for himself, with the hope of
transferring it to his country as soon as he is on
leave.

Since his death I have made several enquiries to your
embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives
this has also proved unsuccessful. 

After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided
to trace his last name over the Internet, to locate
any member of his family hence I contacted you.I have
contacted you to assist in repartrating the money and
property left behind by my client before they get
confisicated or declared unserviceable by the Security
Company where this huge deposits were lodged.

Particularly, the Global Security company where the
deceased had an account valued at about 10million
dollars has issued me a notice to provide the next of
kin or have the account confisicated within the next
ten official working days.since then I have been
unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over
2years now I therefore seek your consent to present
you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have
the same last name so that the proceeds of this
account valued at 10million dollars can be paid to you
and then you and me  can share the money. 40% to me
and 60% to you I have all necessary legal documents
that can be used to back up any claim we may make. All
I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see
this through. I guarantee that this will be executed
under a legitimate arrangement that will protectyou
from anybreach of the law.

Please get in touch with me through my confidential
email[ barrgeorge0040@yahoo.co.uk  ]or you can call me
on my phone number +234-80- 330-48048 .

Best regards,
BARRISTER P.T.GEORGE,





	
	
		
____________________________________________________________
Yahoo! Messenger - Communicate instantly..."Ping" 
your friends today! Download Messenger Now 
http://uk.messenger.yahoo.com/download/index.html

</p>

</body></html>