<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASKING FOR ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="TSEPO VUSI" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-30T09:39:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASKING FOR ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405291136.i4TBaNmt025207@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="TSEPO VUSI" />
<meta name="creator" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="TSEPO VUSI" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-30T09:39:13Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=US-ASCII" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-30T09:39:13Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;tsepovusi@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="DIRECTOR/C E O," />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat May 29 07:36:31 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;tsepovusi@netscape.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405291136.i4TBaNmt025207@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="TSEPO VUSI" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="TSEPO VUSI" />
<meta name="Author" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-863" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="tsepovusi@netscape.net" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405291136.i4TBaNmt025207@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>ASKING FOR ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:TSEPO VUSI

EMAIL_tsepovusi@netscape.net

ATTN: DIRECTOR/C E O,

I know you will be surprised to read from me, but  please consider this as a
request from a family in dire need of assistance.First, I must introduce
myself I am MR. TSEPO VUSI from Angola. I am the first and only son of 
BRIGADIER VUSI  JONES. I  am presently resident in South Africa.
I got your contact address from a business directory  in Johannesburg
Chamber of commerce and Industry. On  behalf of my widowed mother MRS. ELIZABETH
VUSI I  desided to solicit for your assistance to transfer  the sum of US$21.5
MILLION( TWENTY ONE MILLION FIVE  HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS)inherited
from my late father, into your personal company's 
account.Before my fathers' death, he was a Brigadier in  charge of Arms and
Ammunation procurement for the Angola  Army. In his WILL, he specifically
drew my attention  to the said sum of money which he deposited in a  safe box of
a private Security Company in Johannesburg-  South Africa in a treasure box,
fully documented in  my name.
IN FACT MY FATHER SAID AND I QUOTE  MY BELOVED SON, I WISH TO DRAW YOUR
ATTENTION TO US$21.5 MILLION . I DEPOSITED THE BOX CONTAINING THIS MONEY IN A SECURITY
COMPANY IN JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH  AFRICA. DURING THE WAR, I WAS VERY DEDICATED
AND OFFICERS AND GOVERNMENT FUNCTIONARIES WERE BUSSY  HELPING THEMSELVES WITH
GOVERNMENT FUNDS AND  PROPERTIES AND SENDING THEM TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES.  DUE
TO THIS, WHEN I AND MY FORMER SPECIAL ADVISOR TO THE  PRESIDENT WERE ASSIGNED
BY THE PRESIDENT (EDUARDO  SANTOS) TO PURCHASE ARMS IN SOUTH AFRICA, WE SAW  THIS
AS A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY AND DIVERTED THE MONEY AND  DIVIDED IT. i GOT A TOTAL SUM
OF US$21.5 MILLION. IN  CASE OF MY ABSENCE ON EARTH, AS A RESULT OF DEATH
ONLY, YOU SHOULD SOLICIT FOR THE FUND FOR INVESTMENT  PURPOSES.
&gt;From the above, you will understand that the lives  and future of my family
depens on this money, as such I  will be grateful if you can assist us. We are now
living in South Africa as political Asylum seekers and financial laws and
regulation of the Republic of  South Africa do not permit us financial rights to such
huge sum of money. In view of this, I cannot invest this  fund in South africa, hence
i am prepared to offer  you 20% of the total fund, while 10% will be set aside
for local and international expenses and 70% will be for  my family and me.
Finally, modalities on howthe transfer will be bone  will be conveyed to you once we
have established  trust and confidence between ourselves. Please treat this
matter as very urgent.
Best regards,


TSEPO VUSI

</p>

</body></html>