<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL , PARTNERSHIP REPLY URGENTLY " />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR GEORGE AMACHREE&quot; &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt; business to it full potential=2C helping to put out flares in Nigeria and" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR GEORGE AMACHREE &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-31T16:47:54Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; of risk for your support and involvement in this venture hence we have" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="george_41@z6.com by the virtue of my unique position in office as the General Manager" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="george_41@z6.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL , PARTNERSHIP REPLY URGENTLY " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable be given as soon as I get your response =2C forward your telephone number=2C fax number" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200405311647.i4VGlqms005558@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt; second thought and consideration=2E" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR GEORGE AMACHREE&quot; &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt; business to it full potential=2C helping to put out flares in Nigeria and" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR GEORGE AMACHREE &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR GEORGE AMACHREE&quot; &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt; business to it full potential=2C helping to put out flares in Nigeria and" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR GEORGE AMACHREE &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-31T16:47:54Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot; of risk for your support and involvement in this venture hence we have" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-31T16:47:54Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM after series of private meetings we decided to make contactin order to" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1 fund due to certain laws" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 31 12:47:54 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt; and it is in line of this strong perspective that I am very determined" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200405311647.i4VGlqms005558@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 that at the later time convenient for us=2C we will come over to your" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR GEORGE AMACHREE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR GEORGE AMACHREE&quot; &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt; business to it full potential=2C helping to put out flares in Nigeria and" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR GEORGE AMACHREE &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-871" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR GEORGE AMACHREE &lt;georgeamachree_2@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200405311647.i4VGlqms005558@neartoearth.mr.itd.UM&gt; second thought and consideration=2E" />
<title>BUSINESS PROPOSAL , PARTNERSHIP REPLY URGENTLY </title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From GEORGE Amachree
General Manager Finance
Nigeria LNG Limited
C &amp; C Towers
Plot 1684, Sanusi Fafunwa Street,
Victoria Island,
P. M. B. 12774, Marina, Lagos.
Nigeria.
WWW.NLNG.COM


RE: TRANSFER OF USD20,500,000.00(TWENTY MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND
UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY) TO A SAFE ACCOUNT.

Sir,

It is my warmest pleasure writing you this confidential business offer
irrespective of the fact
that we have not met before or done any thing that will re-impose
absolute confidence but nevertheless, an adage says a day begins a story
 and it is in line of this strong perspective that I am very determined
to communicate you with much conviction that you will give my proposal a
 second thought and consideration.

As earlier stated I am Mr Daniel Amachree a General Manager Finance
working with Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas {NLNG}. My Agency is to
produce and export NLG and NGL safely, reliably and profitable, and grow
 business to it full potential, helping to put out flares in Nigeria and
 by the virtue of my unique position in office as the General Manager
Finance. I was elevated by the commission to become the chairman of
foreign contract tender board committee whose responsibility is to award
 and supervise foreign contract to ensure it is executed promptly.

Consequently, I the chairman of the tender board committee in
collaboration with two other top
committee members over-invoice certain contract for the supply of
Petroleum Pipe, Computers. The initial cost of the contract was pegged
at US$60 million, but after the feasibility study that was done, while
submitting my report to the office of the presidency for final approval,
 we deliberately inflated the cost to an excess amount of US$ 20..5
million making the cost to be US$ 80.5 million.

Right now, the gist of contacting you is we are constrained to claim the
 fund due to certain laws
enacted by the government guiding civil service code of conduct Bureau
which prohibits top civil
servants working under Government establishment from operating offshore
or foreign Account and this situation has kept us in a fix to openly
come forward to claim the outstanding balance of US$20.5  million, hence
 after series of private meetings we decided to make contactin order to
get a reliable foreign partner whom we will forward his or her
credentials to claim the fund based on mutual  trust and agreement.

In a nutshell, we need your assistance and support to claim this fund so
 that at the later time convenient for us, we will come over to your
country after the funds have been transferred to meet you and collect
our own percentage while you will keep the rest as yours.

For your support and total dedication to realize the objectives of this
operation, you shall be entitled to 20% of the sum total, 5% for
misslaneous expense like telephone bill, while 75% of the fund belongs
to the three officials involved in the deal.


Note, you are vividly assured that you will not be subjected to any kind
 of risk for your support and involvement in this venture hence we have
piloted a good strategy to ensure the operations goes smoothly of which
we have targeted two weeks duration to accomplished our Aim.

Kindly treat this matter Absolutely confidential because the officials
involved are still in serviceand some of us intend to resign our
appointment immediately after the transaction is finalized.

I look forward to hearing positively from you while further details will
 be given as soon as I get your response , forward your telephone number, fax number
and mailing address for through which further correspondence will be made ,
as soon as i receive your reply .

Best Regards


Mr GEROGE AMACHREE
NB:- FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT MY PERSON AND COMPANY I WILL ADVISE YOU
LODGE ON TO MY COMPANY WEBSITE ABOVE




</p>

</body></html>