<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="IN GOOD FAITH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-31T20:09:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="idumar@k.ro" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;28340.80.179.249.164.1086034144.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="IN GOOD FAITH" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="idumar@k.ro" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;28340.80.179.249.164.1086034144.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-31T20:09:04Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-31T20:09:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;idumar55@di-ve.com&gt;        Mon, 31 May 2004 22:09:04 +0200 (CEST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon May 31 16:12:39 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;idumar55@di-ve.com&gt; Mon, 31 May 2004 22:09:04 +0200 (CEST) For special offers on latest publications on Malta or by Maltese authors go to http://shop.di-ve.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-879" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="idumar55@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;28340.80.179.249.164.1086034144.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt;" />
<title>IN GOOD FAITH</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear sir,

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I
believe everyone will die someday. My name is IDRIS UMAR a merchant in
Dubai, in the U.A.E.I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer .It has
defiled all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have only about a
few months to live, according to medical experts. I have not particularly
lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone(not even
myself)but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was
always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the
only thing I cared for.

But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than
just wanting to have or make all the money in the world. I believe when
God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a
different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has called me, I have
willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and
extended family members as well as a few close friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided to
give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some charity
organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore. I once asked
members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money
which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan, they
refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them
anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them.
The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of
eighteen million dollars $18,000,000,00 that I have with a
finance/Security
Company abroad.

I will want you to help me collect this
deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations.


I have set aside 10% for you and for your time.

God be with you. IDRIS UMAR.

N.B
PLEASE I WILL APPRECIATE THAT YOU REPLY THROUGH MY PRIVATE EMAIL
(idumar11965@mmail.com)







__________________________________________________________ 
 For special offers on latest publications on Malta or by Maltese authors go to http://shop.di-ve.com

</p>

</body></html>