<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;boyd ololo&quot; &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="boyd ololo &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadband/home.html?code=3DSM-NL-11AM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients: ;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="boydololo@mmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="boydololo@mmail.com" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;boyd ololo&quot; &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="boyd ololo &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;boyd ololo&quot; &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="boyd ololo &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun  1 08:05:21 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="boyd ololo" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;boyd ololo&quot; &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="boyd ololo &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-880" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="boyd ololo &lt;boydololo1@tiscali.co.uk&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>OFFICE OF DR. BOYD OLOLO
FEDERAL MINISTRY OF WORKS AND HOUSING
LAGOS-NIGERIA.

THE PRESIDENT/CEO,

First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in
this transaction,this
is by virtue of it's nature as being utterly
confidential and top secret.
Study this portion carefully and advice categorically,
if you will be
able to handle, as I might not want to be exposed of
the information
considering the source and reputation of my name.

I am the Director of project and the newly appointed
chairman, contract
reviewing committee(CRC) of the Federal ministry of
Works and Housing(FMW&amp;H)in
Abuja, Nigeria. I am seeking your assistance to enable
me transfer the
sum of US$21.4m into your account for mutual
benefits.This money
came about as a result of a contract executed on
behalf of my Ministry,
the
(Federal Ministry of Works and Housing). This contract
was officially
assigned to be awarded and executed by two foreign
contractors at the
tune of US$94m but in the course of our
negotiation,
we bargained with only one foreign contractor, a
Bulgarian firm which
now executed the contract at the cost of
US$72.6m thus leaving
the remaining US$21.4m to our (members of the CRP )
benefits unknown to
the contractor and any other person in my Ministry.
This contract has
been satisfactorily executed and inspected as the
Bulgarian firm is presently
securing his payment from my inistry.
It is however to this effect that I seek your maximum
assistance and
approval to present your company name alongside with
the Bulgarian contractor
as the second foreign contractor to enable me transfer
the differenceUS$21.4minto
your account for further investment depending on your
advice.On actualization
of the transaction, the funds will be shared thus:
1. 30% of the money go to you for acting as the
beneficiary of the funds.
2. 10% for reimbursement to both parties for
incidental expenses that
may be incurred in the course of the transaction for
insurance, phone
bills,
documentation etc.
3. 60%to me.
All logistics are in place and all modalities worked
out for the smooth
actualization of the transaction within fourteen
working days of commencement
after receiving the following information by fax: Your
name or company s
name,address, phone/fax numbers and the activities of
your company.
The above information will enable me make application
and lodge claims to concerned Ministries in favour of
your company or
name and it is pertinent
to state here that this deal is entirely based on
trust and the fear
of God.
If you are able to handle this, feel free to reach me
back on immediately for a
perfect understanding
of the transaction.

Thanks in anticipation of your positive response.

Yours faithfully

Dr boyd Ololo




__________________________________________________
Broadband from an unbeatable £15.99!

http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadband/home.html?code=SM-NL-11AM



</p>

</body></html>