<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="CONFIDENTIAL AND VERY URGENT FROM SUSAN" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MRS. SUSAN  SHABANGU" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="susan shabangu &lt;shabang2susan@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="shabang2susan@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-06-01T12:56:14Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shabang2susan@webmail.co.za This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="shabang2susan@webmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="shabang2susan@webmail.co.za This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PerlMx-Spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXX, Probability=80%, Report='RCVD_IN_SBL 3, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, MILLION_USD 1.204, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, CLICK_BELOW 0.089, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, US_DOLLARS_2 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0, __HAS_X_MAILER 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, ACT_NOW 0.000, DEAR_SOMETHING 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __CLICK_BELOW 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __NEW_DOMAIN_EXTENSIONS_2 0, __CTE 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CTYPE_CHARSET_QUOTED 0'" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="CONFIDENTIAL AND VERY URGENT FROM SUSAN" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-328089274@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Data: 2004.5.31.102126" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-328089274@mail01.infosat.net&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="MRS. SUSAN  SHABANGU" />
<meta name="creator" content="susan shabangu &lt;shabang2susan@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MRS. SUSAN  SHABANGU" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="susan shabangu &lt;shabang2susan@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-06-01T12:56:14Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-06-01T12:56:14Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8 I will see to it that the account is not traced from South" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="THE DIRECTOR" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jun  1 08:56:32 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="susan shabangu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MRS. SUSAN  SHABANGU" />
<meta name="Author" content="susan shabangu &lt;shabang2susan@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-perlmx-spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXX, Probability=80%, Report='RCVD_IN_SBL 3, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, MILLION_USD 1.204, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, CLICK_BELOW 0.089, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, US_DOLLARS_2 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0, __HAS_X_MAILER 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, ACT_NOW 0.000, DEAR_SOMETHING 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __CLICK_BELOW 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __NEW_DOMAIN_EXTENSIONS_2 0, __CTE 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CTYPE_CHARSET_QUOTED 0'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-881" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="susan shabangu &lt;shabang2susan@webmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Data: 2004.5.31.102126" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-328089274@mail01.infosat.net&gt; " />
<title>CONFIDENTIAL AND VERY URGENT FROM SUSAN</title>
</head>
<body><p>ATTN: THE DIRECTOR
 

FROM:  MRS. SUSAN  SHABANGU
SOUTH AFRICA


{MY CONTACT
PRIVATE EMAIL
{susanshabangu00@netscape.net}

{MY SON CONTACT NUMBER+27-73-323-0163} 



Dear Sir,


First, let me start by introducing myself as MRS SUSAN
SHABANGU,a mother of three children and the Deputy Minister
of Safety and Security since 29th  April 1996 to date under
the auspices of the President of South Africa MR THABO
MBEKI.

After due deliberation with my children, I decided to
contact you for your assistance in standing as a
beneficiary to the sum of US$30.5M ( Thirty Million, Five
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only) You can view
my profile at my website www.gov.za  click on, Contact
Information, then click on Deputy Minister, and finally,
click on Safety and Security  and read about me. THE
PROPOSAL, After the swearing in ceremony making me the
Deputy Minister of Safety and Security, my husband Mr.
 Ndelebe  Shabangu died while he was on an official trip to
Trinidad and Tobago in 1996.

After his death, I discovered that he had some funds in a
dollar account which amounted to the sum of US$30.5M with a
security and finance institution in South Africa  of which
I will divulge information to you when I get your full
consent and support to go for a change of beneficiary and
subsequent transfer of the funds into you a comfortable and
conducive account of your choice.

 This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced
contract  which he executed with the Government of South
Africa. Though I assisted him in getting this contract but
I never knew that it was over-invoiced by him. I am afraid
that the government of South Africa might start to
investigate on contracts awarded from 1990 to date. If they
discover this money in his bank account, they will
confiscate it and seize his assets here in South Africa and
this will definitely affect my political career in
government. I want your assistance in opening an account
with bankers through my banker so that this fund could be
wired into your account directly without any hitch. As soon
as the fund gets to your account, you are expected to move
it immediately into another personal bank account in your
country.

 I will see to it that the account is not traced from South
Africa. As soon as you have confirmed the fund into your
account, I will send my eldest son with my Attorney to come
to your country to discuss on business investments. For
your assistance, I am offering you 20% of the principal sum
which amounts to US$6,100.000.00 (Six million One Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars Only)And 5% will be for Any
expenses that both of us may Incure in this transaction.
And another 5%will go for Motherless babes home.
However, you have to assure me and also be ready to go into
agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund. If
you agree to my terms, kindly as a matter of urgency send
me an email. Due to my sensitive position in the South
African Government, I prefer you send me email than call.
All correspondence must be by email to my private email
address, {susanshabangu00@netscape.net} If you want to
speak with my Banker or my elder son,that is fine and okay
by me.you can contact my son on his dilect line
{+27-73-323-0163}his name is {MR Morris shabangu}and You
will have to send down you private telephone /fax number so
that i can forward it to him to reach you from time to time
this is for security reasons. Please I do not need to
remind you of the need for absolute Confidentiality of this
transaction.If you do not feel comfortable with this
transaction, do not hesitate to discontinue. 

 
Thanks for your anticipated co-operation and my regards to
your family. 

 
Yours faithfully, 
  

MRS. SUSAN SHABANGU 

Deputy Minister of Safety &amp; Security,

South Africa.



_____________________________________________________________________
For super low premiums ,click here http://www.dialdirect.co.za/quote

</p>

</body></html>