<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by lion.cs.CU id i52CINh0013078" />
<meta name="subject" content="sincere assistance needed" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it CONFIDENTIAL," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PerlMx-Spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIIII, Probability=95%, Report='RCVD_IN_CBL 3, NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, UNDISC_RECIPS 2.399, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __CTYPE_CHARSET_QUOTED 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CT 0, __TO_MALFORMED_3 0, __CTE 0, DEAR_SOMETHING 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_43 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_9 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_20 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_2 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, NO_REAL_NAME 0.000, __MIME_VERSION 0'" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by lion.cs.CU id i52CINh0013078" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="sincere assistance needed" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.1.102231" />
<meta name="creator" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it CONFIDENTIAL," />
<meta name="creator" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it CONFIDENTIAL," />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-15&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun  2 08:18:35 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="CONFIDENTIAL," />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it CONFIDENTIAL," />
<meta name="Author" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-perlmx-spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIIII, Probability=95%, Report='RCVD_IN_CBL 3, NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, UNDISC_RECIPS 2.399, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __CTYPE_CHARSET_QUOTED 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CT 0, __TO_MALFORMED_3 0, __CTE 0, DEAR_SOMETHING 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_43 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_9 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_20 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_2 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, NO_REAL_NAME 0.000, __MIME_VERSION 0'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-888" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ndidi_uwoma@jumpy.it" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.1.102231" />
<title>sincere assistance needed</title>
</head>
<body><p>ASYLUM CAMP ABIDJAN
FROM:NDIDI UWOMA


Dear Sir,

                                                       CONFIDENTIAL,

I am NDIDI UWOMA the only son of late former Director of finance, CHIEF
BENARD UWOMA Sierra-Leone diamond and mining corporation.I must confess
my agitation is real, and my words is my bond, in this proposal. My late
father diverted this money meant for purchase of ammunition, for my country,
during the peak of disastrous civil war in my country, now he has deposited
the money with a Security Firm in one sealed box here in Abidjan, where
I am residing under political asylum with my younger sister PRECIOUS .

Now the war in my country is over with the help of ECOMOG soldiers, the
present government of Sierra Leone has revoked the passport of all officers
who served under the former regime and now ask countries to expel such person
at the same time freeze their account and confiscate their assets, it is
on this note that I am contacting you.

My main reason of contacting you to please come accept to take up the responsibilities
of my late father's business foreign parner in the Security Firm and claim
the box.Be informed that my late father deposited the box and registered
it as containing a Photographic Equipements belonging to his foreign partner
that is why it is note possible for us to make the claims ourselfs and he
did it as such to prevent them from knowing the box contains money so note
that it is only you and I knows that the content of the box is money and
please do not let the security firm know for security reasons.All I need
from you is to furnish me with your personal details

1) Your full name
2) Telephone/Fax number
3) Home address or office

These requirements are to be submitted to the Security Firm as my late father's
foreign business partner who will be coming for the claims of the box with
the key as I have contacted the Security Firm once where the deposit was
made by my late father and establish a relationship with them but the told
me in confident that the box will not be released to me nor any other person
unless my late father's foreign partner whom the deposit was made.

I am compensating you with 20% of the total amount. Now all my hope is banked
on you and I really want to invest this money in your country, were their
is stability of Government, political and economic welfare. Honestly I want
you to believe that this transaction is real and never a joke.

My late father CHIEF BENARD UWOMA gave me the photocopies of the certificate
of deposit issued to him by the Security Firm on the date of deposit, so
I can send you the copies for you to be clarified because, I do not expose
my self to anybody I see, I believe that you are able to keep this transaction
secret for me because this money is the hope of my life, it is important.

Please respond to me immediately after you must have gone through my message,
Feel free and make it urgent. Please try and negotiate for me some profitable
bluechip investment opportunities which is risky free which I can invest
with this money as soon as it 's confirmed in your position and a good university
where I and my sister will further our education as soon as we arrives to
your country while you take care of the ivesment till when we are expose
to the business world. Personally I am interested in estate management and
hotel business, please advise me.


Thanks and God bless

Best regards

NDIDI/PRECIOUS UWOMA.










________________________________________
Tutti i concerti da non perdere! http://musica.jumpy.it/2003jm_m_concerti.asp



</p>

</body></html>