<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="HELLO FRIEND, PLEASE ASSIST US." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="massaq1@di-ve.com However, due to this situation i decided to change most of my" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="massaq1@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO I shall put you in the picture of this buiness, i.e tell you where" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-06-02T17:16:33Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="massaq1@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="massaq1di-ve.com@di-ve.com I  have deposited the sum of Thirty Million,Five Hundred Thousand" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="massaq1di-ve.com@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1 The  Account required for this project can be personal, company or an" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="massaq1di-ve.com@di-ve.com I  have deposited the sum of Thirty Million,Five Hundred Thousand" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0 The funds are security coded to prevent them from knowing the actual" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;15878.213.148.229.54.1086196593.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="HELLO FRIEND, PLEASE ASSIST US." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;15878.213.148.229.54.1086196593.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt; PLEASE REPLY TO MY PRIVATE E-MAIL BOX--massaq1@hotmail.com Finaly if this preposition is attainable, Please kindly funish me" />
<meta name="creator" content="massaq1@di-ve.com However, due to this situation i decided to change most of my" />
<meta name="creator" content="massaq1@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="massaq1@di-ve.com However, due to this situation i decided to change most of my" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="massaq1@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-06-02T17:16:33Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1 The  Account required for this project can be personal, company or an" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-06-02T17:16:33Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3 Ackowledge this message, so that i can introduce you to my family as" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun  2 13:26:42 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 What  i want you to do now is to indicate your inetrest that you will" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="However, due to this situation i decided to change most of my" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="massaq1@di-ve.com However, due to this situation i decided to change most of my" />
<meta name="Author" content="massaq1@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal I want you to assist us in investing this fund or money, but i will" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-895" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="massaq1@di-ve.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;15878.213.148.229.54.1086196593.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt; PLEASE REPLY TO MY PRIVATE E-MAIL BOX--massaq1@hotmail.com Finaly if this preposition is attainable, Please kindly funish me" />
<title>HELLO FRIEND, PLEASE ASSIST US.</title>
</head>
<body><p>               PLEASE REPLY TO MY PRIVATE E-MAIL BOX--massaq1@hotmail.com


Dear Friend,


        Through the courtesy of business opportunit, i take liberty
anchored  on a strong desire to solicit your assistance on this
mutually beneficial and riskfree transaction which i hope you will give
your urgent attention.

        I am Mr. Zabito Massaquoe i am moved to write you this letter,this
was incinfidence considration, our present circumstances and
situation, i escaped with my wife and children out of Sierrial Leone to
Ghana where we are presently residing on temporary
political asylum.

      However, due to this situation i decided to change most of my
illions of  Dollars deposited in Swiss Bank and other countries into
other forms of money coded for safe purpose because the new head of
state Ahmed Tijjan Kabba made arrangement with the Swiss Goverment
and other European countries to freeze all my treasures deposited in
some european countries, hence i and my family, decided laying low
in Africa to study the situation till when things gets better, since
president Tijjan Kabba taking over goverment again in Sierria Leone.

One of my chateaux in Southern France was confiscated by the French
goverment, and as such we had to change  our identity so thet our
investment will not be trace and confiscated.

   I  have deposited the sum of Thirty Million,Five Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars{US$30,500,000} with a security company for
safekeeping.

  The funds are security coded to prevent them from knowing the actual
content .

 What  i want you to do now is to indicate your inetrest that you will
assist me and my immediate family by receiving the money my behalf.

   The  Account required for this project can be personal, company or an
offshore account that you have been total control over, your area of
specialisation will not be a hinderance to the successful execution
of this transaction.

     Ackowledge this message, so that i can introduce you to my family as
our foreign trusted partner who shall take charge of our investment
abroad where we now plan to settle.

     I want you to assist us in investing this fund or money, but i will
not want  our identity revealed. I will also want to buy properties
and stocks in multy- national companies and to engage in other safe and
non speculative investments.

.    We have been through a lot of health and spiritual turmoil, hence
will need  your understanding and assistance and may i at this junction
emphasize the  high level of confidentiality which this business demands
and hope you will not betral the trust and confidence which we repose in
you.

       I shall put you in the picture of this buiness, i.e tell you where
the funds are currently being maintained and also discuss other
modalities including remuneration for your services.

         I   shall also inform you with the next line of action as soon as
i receive your response.

        Finaly if this preposition is attainable, Please kindly funish me
immediately by E-mail with your direct telephone number and fax
number to enhance the confidentiality which this business demands.

   Best Regards,

    Mr . Zabito  Massaquoe.

    Please reply to my private E-mail box,---massaq1@hotmail.com





__________________________________________________________ 
 For special offers on latest publications on Malta or by Maltese authors go to http://shop.di-ve.com

</p>

</body></html>