<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="216.139.169.25" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com BELLO MAN SULE officer with" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-01-31T17:41:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1044034865.3e3ab53145ef5@www.hknetmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.1" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1044034865.3e3ab53145ef5@www.hknetmail.com&gt; # 145 BANK RAOD VICTORIA ISLAND" />
<meta name="creator" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com BELLO MAN SULE officer with" />
<meta name="creator" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com BELLO MAN SULE officer with" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-01-31T17:41:05Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-01-31T17:41:05Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mr_bb@hknetmail.com&gt;	as user mr_bb@nweb.hknet.com by www.hknetmail.com with HTTP;	Sat,  1 Feb 2003 01:41:05 +0800" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attn" content="" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jan 31 20:11:16 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mr_bb@hknetmail.com&gt; as user mr_bb@nweb.hknet.com by www.hknetmail.com with HTTP; Sat,  1 Feb 2003 01:41:05 +0800 UNION BANK OF NIGERIA PLC" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="BELLO MAN SULE officer with" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com BELLO MAN SULE officer with" />
<meta name="Author" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="216.139.169.25" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-91" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="mr_bb@hknetmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1044034865.3e3ab53145ef5@www.hknetmail.com&gt; # 145 BANK RAOD VICTORIA ISLAND" />
<title>URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>


      UNION BANK OF NIGERIA PLC
     # 145 BANK RAOD VICTORIA ISLAND
     LAGOS NIGERIA.    





ATTN:


Dear
PLS REPLY TO MY PRAVATE BOX suleman775@mailsurf.com
URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL
First, I must solicit your confidence in this
transaction this is byvirtue of its nature as being
utterly confidencial 
andtop secret. 
Though I know that a transaction of this magnitudewill
make any one 
apprehensive and woried, but I am assuring you that
all will be well 
at the end of the day.  We have decided to contact you
due to the 
urgency of this transaction, as we have been reliably
informed of your 
discreetness and ability of this nature by Chief
Omole.

Let me start by introducing myself properly to you.  I
am Barrister
 BELLO MAN SULE officer with 
the union Bank of Nigeria Plc, Lagos.  I came to know
you through Chief Omole
who assured me that you are Reliable and Reputable
Person to handle this
Confidential Transaction, which involves the transfer
of Huge sum of Money to
a Foreign Account requiring Maximum confidence.

THE PROPOSITION:

A Foreigner an American, Late Engr. John Creek (Snr)
an oil Merchant with The
Federal Government of Nigeria, until his death months
ago in Kenya Air Bus (A310 - 300)
Flight KQ430, Banked with us at Union Bank of Nigeria
Plc, Lagos and had a closing balance as
at the end of September, 2000 worth Us$30,000.000.00
(Thirty Million United State Dollars), 
the bank now expects next of kin as beneficiary. 
Valuable effforts are being made by the 
Union Bank of Nigeria to get in touch with any of the
Creek's Family or Relatives but to no success.

It is because of the perceived possibility of not
being able to locate any of Late Engr. John
Creek (Snr.)'s next of kin (He had no wife or
childrenthat is know to us).  
The Management underthe influence of our Chairman and
Members of the Board
of Directors, that arrangement has been made 
for thefund to be decleared "Unclaimed" and
ubsequentlly be donated to the trust fund for arms 
ammunition to further enhance the course of War in
Africa and the World in General.

In order to avert this negative development, some of
my trusted colleagues and I now seek your 
permission to have stand as next of kin to the late
Engr. John Creek (Snr.) so that the fund US$30
Milion will be released and paid into your Account as
the beneficiary next of 
kin.  All documents 
and proves to enable you get this fund wilcarefully
worked out.  We have 
secure from the probate
an order of Mandamus to locate any of deceased
beneficiaries, and more so we are assuring you that
this 
business is 100% Rick Free involvement.  Your share
stays while the rest be for myself and my colleagues
for 
investment purpose,  According to agreement within
both parties.

As soon as we receive an acknowledgement of recipt of
this mail message the procedure for the transfer of
this fund will be made known to you.

PLS REPLY TO MY PRAVATE BOX suleman775@mailsurf.com
I await your timely response.

BELLO MAN SULE


-------------------------------------------------
HKNETMAIL.COM Free WEB MAIL Service by  HKNET

</p>

</body></html>