<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-sender" content="jamesnzama012@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[165.165.150.167]" />
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;james nzama&quot; &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james nzama &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jamesnzama012@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-06-03T16:17:59Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesnzama012@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesnzama012@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jamesnzama012@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;BAY16-F82Aztxc1o8yf0000b82e@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-OriginalArrivalTime" content="03 Jun 2004 16:17:59.0882 (UTC) FILETIME=[567EEAA0:01C44986]" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F82Aztxc1o8yf0000b82e@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-Email" content="[jamesnzama012@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;james nzama&quot; &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="james nzama &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;james nzama&quot; &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james nzama &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-06-03T16:17:59Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; format=flowed" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-06-03T16:17:59Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;	Thu, 03 Jun 2004 16:17:59 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-phone" content="+ 27-833413608" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originalarrivaltime" content="03 Jun 2004 16:17:59.0882 (UTC) FILETIME=[567EEAA0:01C44986]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Sender" content="jamesnzama012@hotmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun  3 12:19:07 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-email" content="[jamesnzama012@hotmail.com]" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt; Thu, 03 Jun 2004 16:17:59 GMT" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="james nzama" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;james nzama&quot; &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="james nzama &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[165.165.150.167]" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-908" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="james nzama &lt;jamesnzama012@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;BAY16-F82Aztxc1o8yf0000b82e@hotmail.com&gt;" />
<title>URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>

EMAILjamesnzama012@hotmail.com
PHONE:+ 27-833413608
NAME :JAMES NZAMA

Attention president/ceo.

Your contact was made possible by your country's Trade Journal at the World 
Trade Centre here in Harare, Zimbabwe and I decided to write for assistance. 
You may be surprised to receive this letter since you do not know me 
personally,first let me introduce myself,I am Mr.JAMES NZAMA the son of Late 
Mr. NZAMA KUMALO, who was recently murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe.

My late father was among the few black Zimbabwean rich farmers, murdered in 
cold blood by the special agents of the ruling government of president 
Robert Mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the Zimbabwean 
opposition party controlled by whites.

Before his death, he had taken me to Johannesburg to deposit the sum of 
US$20.100.000.00 (Twenty Million One Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) 
with a Security and Finance Company as if he forsaw the looming danger in 
Zimbabwe. The money was deposited in a box as a consignment for the Security 
Company to avoid seizure, and also to avoid much demurrage from the Security 
Company. This money was earnmarked for the purchase of new machinery and
chemicals for the farm and establishment for the new farms in Lesotho and 
Swaziland.

This land problem arose when president Robert Mugabe introduced a new land 
act which wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few blacks 
vehemently condemned the modus operandi adopted by the government, that 
resulted to rampant killings and mob actions by the war veterans and some 
political thugs precisely, more than thirty one people
(31) have been killed.

Heads of government from Western worlds, especially Britain and the USA have 
voiced their condemnation of Mugabe's plan. Subsequently the South African 
Development Community (S.A.D.C.) has continuously supported Mugabe's new 
land reform act. It is against this background that I and my family who are 
currently staying in South Africa, have decided to transfer my father's 
money into a foreign account.

As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the resposibilty of 
seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could transferred without 
the knowledge of my government who had tactically frozen our family wealth 
and the South African government seem to be playing along with
them.

I am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in South 
Africa for fear of seizure and encountering the same experience in the 
future since both countries have almost the same political history. Moreso, 
the South African Foreign Exchange policy does not allow such
investment since I am an asylum seeker.

As a businessman whom I must entrust my future and that of my family on his 
hands, I must let you know that this transaction is 100% risk-free. 
Therefore if you accept to assist us, we are willing to offer you 30% of the 
total sum for your assistance. 60% will be for my family, while 10%
will be fo all expenses.

If this proposal is acceptable to you, please send me an email but you 
should know that this business is highly confidential and shall be kept 
within yourself.

So I will hang on until I hear from you.

Best regards,

James


</p>

</body></html>