<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;SESAY MASSAQUOE&quot; &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="SESAY MASSAQUOE &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-06-04T11:32:26Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="semassaq@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="semassaq@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="semassaq@o2.pl" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="semassaq@o2.pl" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PerlMx-Spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXX, Probability=100%, Report='NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, OPPORTUNITY 2.900, OFFSHORE_SCAM 2.299, UPPERCASE_75_100 1.489, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, MILLION_USD 1.204, PRIORITY_NO_NAME 0.716, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, LINES_OF_YELLING_3 0.671, DEAR_FRIEND 0.363, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, __USER_AGENT 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_7 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __UPPERCASE_75_100 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_15 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0, __HAS_X_PRIORITY 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, USER_AGENT 0.000, __EVITE_CTYPE 0'" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="sesmassa@pro.hu" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;4120.62.194.8.22.1086348746.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="sesmassa@pro.hu" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="SquirrelMail/1.4.0" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.3.102573" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.3.102573" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;4120.62.194.8.22.1086348746.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;SESAY MASSAQUOE&quot; &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="SESAY MASSAQUOE &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;SESAY MASSAQUOE&quot; &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="SESAY MASSAQUOE &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-06-04T11:32:26Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-06-04T11:32:26Z" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jun  4 07:36:28 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="SESAY MASSAQUOE" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;SESAY MASSAQUOE&quot; &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="SESAY MASSAQUOE &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-importance" content="Normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-perlmx-spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXX, Probability=100%, Report='NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, OPPORTUNITY 2.900, OFFSHORE_SCAM 2.299, UPPERCASE_75_100 1.489, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, MILLION_USD 1.204, PRIORITY_NO_NAME 0.716, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, LINES_OF_YELLING_3 0.671, DEAR_FRIEND 0.363, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, __USER_AGENT 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_7 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __UPPERCASE_75_100 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_15 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0, __HAS_X_PRIORITY 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, USER_AGENT 0.000, __EVITE_CTYPE 0'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-915" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="SESAY MASSAQUOE &lt;semassaq@o2.pl&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;4120.62.194.8.22.1086348746.squirrel@webmail.di-ve.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.3.102573" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.3.102573" />
<title>I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE</title>
</head>
<body><p>DEAR FRIEND,

THROUGH THE COURTESY OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, I TAKE LIBERTY ANCHORED ON A
STRONG DESIRE TO SOLICIT YOUR ASSISTANCE ON THIS MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL AND
RISKFREE TRANSACTION WHICH I HOPE YOU WILL GIVE YOUR URGENT ATTENTION.

I AM MR.SESAY MASSAQUOE  I AM MOVED TO WRITE YOU THIS LETTER ,THIS WAS IN
CONFIDENCE CONSIDERING OUR PRESENT CIRCUMSTANCE AND SITUATION.

I ESCAPED WITH MY WIFE AND CHILDREN  OUT OF SIERRA- LEONE TO
GROU-JIRNSSUM,A VILLAGE IN THE NETHERLANDS THROUGH THE AID OF THE UNITED
NATIONS EVACUATION TEAM WHERE WE ARE NOW PRESENTLY RESIDING  ON TEMPORARY
POLITICAL ASYLUM.

HOWEVER DUE TO THIS SITUATION I DECIDED TO CHANGE MOST OF MY BILLIONS OF
DOLLARS DEPOSITED IN SWISS BANK AND OTHER COUNTRIES INTO OTHER FORMS OF
MONEY CODED FOR SAFE PURPOSE BECAUSE THE NEW HEAD OF STATES  AHMED TEJAN
KABBA MADE ARRANGEMENTS WITH THE SWISS GOVERNMENT AND OTHER EUROPEAN
COUNTRIES TO FREEZE ALL MY TREASURES DEPOSITED IN SOME EUROPEAN
COUNTRIES,HENCE I AND MY WIFE  ALONG WITH MY CHILDREN, DECIDED LAYING LOW
IN THIS OUR TEMPOERY POLITICAL ASYLUM CAMP HERE IN GROU JIRNSSUM IN THE
NETHERLANDS TO STUDY THE SITUATION TILL WHEN THINGS GETS BETTER,SINCE
PRESIDENT TEJAN KABBA TAKING OVER GOVERNMENT AGAIN IN SIERRA-LEONE ONE OF
MY  CHATEAUX IN SOUTHERN FRANCE WAS CONFISCATED BY THE FRENCH
GOVERNMENT,AND AS SUCH WE HAD TO CHANGE OUR IDENTITY SO THAT OUR
INVESTMENT WILL NOT BE TRACED AND CONFISCATED.

I HAVE DEPOSITED THE SUM OF THIRTY MILLION,FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED
STATES DOLLARS(US$30,500,000)WITH A SECURITY COMPANY FOR SAFEKEEPING.
THE FUNDS ARE SECURITY CODED TO PREVENT THEM FROM KNOWING THE ACTUAL
CONTENTS.

WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO NOW IS TO INDICATE YOUR INTEREST THAT YOU WILL
ASSIST ME AND MY IMMEDIATE FAMILY BY RECEIVING THE MONEY ON OUR BEHALF.
THE ACCOUNT REQUIRED FOR THIS PROJECT CAN EITHER BE PERSONAL,COMPANY OR AN
OFFSHORE ACCOUNT THAT YOU HAVE TOTAL CONTROL OVER,YOUR AREA OF
SPECIALISATION WILL NOT BE A HINDERANCE TO THE SUCCESSFUL EXECUTION OF
THIS TRANSACTION.

ACKOWLEDGE THIS MESSAGE,SO THAT I CAN INTRODUCE YOU TO MY FAMILY AS OUR
FOREIGN TRUSTED PARTNER WHO SHALL TAKE CHARGE OF OUR INVESTMENT ABROAD
WHERE WE NOW PLAN TO SETTLE.

I WANT YOU TO ASSIST US IN INVESTING THIS MONEY,BUT I WILL NOT WANT OUR
IDENTITY REVEALED.I WILL ALSO WANT TO BUY PROPERTIES AND STOCKS IN
MULTI-NATIONAL COMPANIES AND TO ENGAGE IN OTHER SAFE AND NON SPECULATIVE
INVESTMENTS.
WE HAVE BEEN THROUGH A LOT OF HEALTH AND SPIRITUAL TURMOIL,HENCE WILL NEED
YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND ASSISTANCE.

MAY I AT THIS POINT EMPHASIZE THE HIGH LEVEL OF CONFIDENTIALLITY WHICH
THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS AND HOPE YOU WILL NOT BETRAY THE TRUST AND
CONFIDENCE WHICH WE REPOSE IN YOU.I SHALL PUT YOU IN THE PICTURE OF THIS
BUSINESS,I.E TELL YOU WHERE THE FUNDS ARE CURRENTLY BEING MAINTAINED AND
ALSO DISCUSS OTHER MODALITIES INCLUDING REMUNERATION FOR YOUR SERVICES.

I SHALL INFORM YOU WITH  THE NEXT LINE OF ACTION AS SOON AS I RECEIVE YOUR
POSITIVE RESPONSE.

IS THIS PROPOSITION ATTAINABLE?IF IT IS,PLEASE KINDLY FURNISH ME
IMMEDIATELY BY E-MAIL WITH YOUR DIRECT TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS TO
ENHANCE THE CONFIDENTIALLITY WHICH THIS BUSINESS DEMANDS.

BEST REGARDS
MR.SESAY MASSAQUOE.
REPLY TO MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADDRESS ...........&gt;semassaq1@primposta.hu







______________________________________________________
 June 20th is Father's Day. Send an online gift from http://shop.di-ve.com

</p>

</body></html>