<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="[213.136.98.55]" />
<meta name="subject" content="from lamine" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="felix.lamine@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2003-02-01T14:00:35Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="felix.lamine@caramail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="felix.lamine@caramail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="felix.lamine@caramail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="=_NextPart_Caramail_0125651044108035_ID" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1044108035012565@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="from lamine" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1044108035012565@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2003-02-01T14:00:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2003-02-01T14:00:35Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;	by suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h11ERvO13904; Sat, 1 Feb 2003 09:27:57 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Caramail - www.caramail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sat Feb  1 09:28:05 2003" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt; by suddenimpact.mr.itd.UM (3.6u) with ESMTP id h11ERvO13904; Sat, 1 Feb 2003 09:27:57 -0500 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="felix lamine" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="[213.136.98.55]" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Caramail - www.caramail.com" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="mixed" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-93" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="felix lamine &lt;felix.lamine@caramail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1044108035012565@caramail.com&gt;" />
<title>from lamine</title>
</head>
<body><div class="email-entry"><p><p>DEAR,

I AM THE DIRECTOR OF BILLS AND EXCHANGE AT THE FOREIGN
REMITTANCE DEPARTMENT OF OUR BANK HERE IN ABIDJAN COTE
D’IVOIRE.

IN MY DEPARTMENT WE DISCOVERED AN ABANDONED SUM OF
US$12.500,000.00 (TWELEVE. FIVE MILLION USD ONLY) IN AN
ACCOUNT THAT BELONGS TO ONE OF OUR FOREIGN CUSTOMERS WHO
DIED ALONG WITH HIS ENTIRE FAMILY IN NOVEMBER 1999 IN A
PLANE CRASH.

SINCE WE GOT INFORMATION ABOUT HIS DEATH, WE HAVE BEEN
EXPECTING HIS NEXT OF KIN TO COME OVER AND CLAIM HIS MONEY
BECAUSE WE CANNOT RELEASE IT UNLESS SOMEBODY APPLIES FOR IT
AS NEXT OF KIN OR RELATION TO THE DECEASED AS INDICATED IN
OUR BANKING GUIDELINES.

UNFORTUNATELY WE LEARNT THAT ALL HIS SUPPOSED NEXT OF KIN
OR RELATIONS DIED ALONG WITH HIM AT THE PLANE CRASH LEAVING
NOBODY BEHIND FOR THE CLAIM.

IT IS THEREFORE UPON THIS DISCOVERY THAT I AND ONE OF THE
OFFICIALS IN THE DEPARTMENT NOW DECIDED TO MAKE BUSINESS
WITH YOU AND RELEASE THE MONEY TO YOU AS THE NEXT OF KIN OR
RELATIONS OF THE DECEASED FOR SAFETY AND SUBSEQUENT
DISBURSEMENT SINCE NOBODY IS COMING FOR IT AND WE DON’T
WANT THIS MONEY TO GO DISBURSEMENT ACCOUNT AS UNCLAIMED
BILL.

THE BANKING LAW AND GUIDELINES HERE STIPULATED THAT IF SUCH
MONEY REMAINED UNCLAIMED AFTER FOUR YEARS THE MONEY WILL BE
TRANSFERRED INTO FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT AS UNCLAIMED
FUND. THE REQUEST OF A FOREIGNER AS NEXT OF KIN IN THIS
BUSINESS IS OCCASIONED BY THE FACT THAT THE CUSTOMERS WAS A
FOREIGNER AND AN IVORIEN CANNOT STAND AS NEXT OF KIN TO A
FOREIGNER.

WE AGREE THAT 15% OF THIS MONEY WILL BE FOR YOU AS FOREIGN
PARTNER AND 5% FOR EXPENSES INCURRED DURING THE COURSE OF
REMITTANCE. THEREAFTER TO THE PERCENTAGES INDICATED.

THEREFORE TO ENABLE THE IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF THE FUND TO
YOU AS ARRANGED. YOU MUST APPLY FIRST TO THE BANK AS A
RELATION OR NEXT OF KIN OF THE DECEASED INDICATING YOUR
BANK ACCOUNT NUMBER AND LOCATION WHERE IN THE MONEY WILL BE
REMITTED . UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR REPLY I WILL SEND TO YOU
THE TEXT OF THE APPLICATION. AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS
LETTER, YOU SHOULD CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY AND INDICATE YOUR
DIRECT AND CONFIDENTIAL TELEPHONE/FAX NUMBERS FOR THE
EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION REQUIRED.

TRUSTING TO HEAR FROM YOU IMMEDIATELY ON TELEPHONE NUMBER
0022507822694.

YOURS FAITHFULLY,

F. LAMINE
DIRECTOR, FOREIGN OPERATIONS








_________________________________________________________
Gagne une PS2 ! Envoie un SMS avec le code PS au 61166
(0,35€ Hors coût du SMS)

</p>

</p>
</div>
</body></html>