<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-MIME-Autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by lion.cs.CU id i54IgePf020077" />
<meta name="subject" content="Dear friend," />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk was In My brothers name who is Dead now." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadband/home.html?code=SM-NL-11AM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PerlMx-Spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIIIIIIII, Probability=99%, Report='RCVD_IN_CBL 3, RCVD_IN_SBL 3, UNDISC_RECIPS 2.399, FROM_HAS_ULINE_NUMS 1.598, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, RISK_FREE 1.278, NA_DOLLARS 0.765, DEAR_FRIEND 0.363, FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0.001, __SANE_MSGID 0, NO_REAL_NAME 0.000, __FROM_HAS_UNDERLINE_NUMS 0, __FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0, __CTE 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __TO_MALFORMED_3 0, DIRECT_EMAIL 0.000, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CTYPE_CHARSET_QUOTED 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __HAS_MSGID 0'" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mime-autoconverted" content="from quoted-printable to 8bit by lion.cs.CU id i54IgePf020077" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Dear friend," />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.4.102621" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.4.102621" />
<meta name="creator" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk was In My brothers name who is Dead now." />
<meta name="creator" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk was In My brothers name who is Dead now." />
<meta name="meta:author" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jun  4 14:42:44 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="was In My brothers name who is Dead now." />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk was In My brothers name who is Dead now." />
<meta name="Author" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-perlmx-spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIIIIIIII, Probability=99%, Report='RCVD_IN_CBL 3, RCVD_IN_SBL 3, UNDISC_RECIPS 2.399, FROM_HAS_ULINE_NUMS 1.598, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, RISK_FREE 1.278, NA_DOLLARS 0.765, DEAR_FRIEND 0.363, FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0.001, __SANE_MSGID 0, NO_REAL_NAME 0.000, __FROM_HAS_UNDERLINE_NUMS 0, __FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0, __CTE 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __TO_MALFORMED_3 0, DIRECT_EMAIL 0.000, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CTYPE_CHARSET_QUOTED 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __HAS_MSGID 0'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-922" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="shadak_foundation12@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.4.102621" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.4.102621" />
<title>Dear friend,</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear friend,

Greetings and compliments to you.

I am writing you this mail with an ardent hope that
you will consider the message contained in it and
respond accordingly.before I proceed I will like to
introduce myself :

i am Rev .Shadak Shari,an indian by nationality
and and the catholic nusateure to Nigeria and Asia and the world at large



I am contacting you for a hand of partnership in disbussing my wealth
worth $8milliom( eight million US dollars).I got your contact through a
personal search on the internet.I beleive that though we have not met before,
with mutual cooperation we would be able toestablish the necessary trust
needed for the execution
of this project.I decided to with hold some informations in this mail for
security reasons.

I will give you just a brief of the details of this
transaction now but as soon as we have been able to
establish some trust,I will give you the complete
informations that is relevant to this transaction.

A while ago,i acquainted with some plans
to establish a project with helping the ophanange and old people home with

equipments and facilities

This i intended to do when i became the achbisop of african diaoses For
this purpose ie set aside the sum of $8 million(eight million Us dollars)

I seperated this funds intwo parts and deposited them in two different
security companies.One in (China). (U. A.E)and the other in Europe.The
one in U.A.E. ($2,million) was deposited in My name and the one In China
 was In My brothers name who is Dead now.
is worth( $7million) while the other in Europe($6million)was
deposited in the church name where i serve.

It will be sad to let you know now that i have been in the hospital for
the past three months
now as i am sick with canser
i sitll have the mind that one day i will die as my doctor said that it
cannot be cured that it is of the harth

I have the intention of retrieving one of the monies
to enable us finalise My plans.This is why i
contacted you.I want you to be my partner who will
assist me in travelling to any of the above mentioned
locations to effect the claim of the funds deposited
there.I assure you that you will not encounter any
problem in this help as i will appriopriately direct
you on how to go about it.Also be assured that there
is no risk involved in this venture.It is absolutely
risk free.All that you need do is to adhere strictly
to my instructions which I shall give you from time to
time.

I shall negotiate what shall be your commision in
this deal.I just want you to be rest assured that you
will be handsomely rewarded at the end of this project.

Please do reply me immediately if you are interested
in assisting us in this regard.

you can reach me via my direct email(shadak_foundation1@tiscali.it)

Please also note that this must be kept in absolute
confidentiality for security reasons even if you are
not interested.

I await your response to this mail.for you to trust and confide in me i
will want you to call me(+234-8033-925-128)

Best regards

Rev Shadak Shari


__________________________________________________
Broadband from an unbeatable £15.99!

http://www.tiscali.co.uk/products/broadband/home.html?code=SM-NL-11AM




</p>

</body></html>