<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="MboxParser-x-originating-ip" content="81.199.85.114" />
<meta name="subject" content="FOR THE LOVE OF HUMANITY" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-06-05T17:42:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="undisclosed-recipients:;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PerlMx-Spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIIIIIIII, Probability=99%, Report='URI_CLASS_SCAM_DOMAIN 8, RCVD_IN_SBL 3, UNDISC_RECIPS 2.399, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, DEAR_FRIEND 0.363, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CT 0, __CTE 0, __TO_MALFORMED_3 0, __USER_AGENT 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __KNOWN_SPAMMER_ADDRESS_2 0, NO_REAL_NAME 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_20 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, USER_AGENT 0.000'" />
<meta name="MboxParser-user-agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;1086457344.40c20600c4e63@aeneasmail.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FOR THE LOVE OF HUMANITY" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:User-Agent" content="Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.1" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.5.102709" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.5.102709" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;1086457344.40c20600c4e63@aeneasmail.com&gt; " />
<meta name="creator" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="creator" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-06-05T17:42:24Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-06-05T17:42:24Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jun  6 02:45:24 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="Author" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Originating-IP" content="81.199.85.114" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-perlmx-spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIIIIIIII, Probability=99%, Report='URI_CLASS_SCAM_DOMAIN 8, RCVD_IN_SBL 3, UNDISC_RECIPS 2.399, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, DEAR_FRIEND 0.363, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __CT 0, __CTE 0, __TO_MALFORMED_3 0, __USER_AGENT 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __KNOWN_SPAMMER_ADDRESS_2 0, NO_REAL_NAME 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_20 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, USER_AGENT 0.000'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-929" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="naybet@aeneasmail.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.5.102709" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.5.102709" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;1086457344.40c20600c4e63@aeneasmail.com&gt; " />
<title>FOR THE LOVE OF HUMANITY</title>
</head>
<body><p>FOR THE LOVE OF HUMANITY


Dear Friend,
Reply to:naybet@web-mail.com.ar

Your first reaction to this mail will be 
total rejection, scare and may be disbelief, 
owning largely to the atrocities people commit these days. 
 
But this mail comes from a devastated, 
sorrowful and emotional laden soul that needs 
compassion from a kind and good spirited person to wipe 
away my tears and appropriate my dream and humanitarian 
gesture.

As you read this, I don't want you to feel 
sorry for me, because, I believe everyone dies 
someday.My name is Naybet Trabelsi a merchant in 
Dubai,in the U.A.E.I worked with Zambian Ministry of 
Mining and Resources for eight years as a contractor,
I have been diagnosed with Esophageal 
cancer .

It has defiled all forms of medical 
treatment,I am very worried as the doctors have 
informed me that its terminal.
I don't know how much time I have left on 
earth, hence this mail to you.
I have not particularly lived my life  
well, as I never really cared for anyone but my
business. Though I am very rich, I was 
never generous, I was always hostile to people 
and only focused on my business as that was the only 
thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I 
now know that there is more to life than just 
wanting to have or make all the money in the world.
I believe when God gives me a second chance 
to come to this world I would live my life a 
different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has 
called me, I have willed and given most of my 
property and assets to my immediate and extended 
family members as well as a few close friends.

I want God to be merciful to me and accept 
my soul hence, I decided to give alms to charity
organizations, as I want this to be one of 
the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have 
distributed money to some charity organizations in the 
U.A.E,Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health 
has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this 
myself anymore. I once asked members of my family 
to close one of my accounts and distribute the money 
which I have there to charity organization in 
Bulgaria and Pakistan, they refused and kept the money 
to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them 
anymore, as they seem not to be content with what I 
have left for them.

The last of my money which no one knows of 
is the huge cash deposit of $18,000,000,00 that I 
have with a finance/Security Company 
abroad. I will want you to help me collect 
this deposit and dispatch it to charity 
organizations.

I have set aside 20% for you and for your 
time.

God be with you.
Reply to:naybet@web-mail.com.ar

Naybet Trabelsi







&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

FREE Email? You bet. http://www.aeneasmail.com

Nationwide Internet, Local and Long Distance Telephone up to 30% less!!

Aeneas Internet and Telephone - http://www.aeneas.com

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;


</p>

</body></html>