<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//messenger.yahoo.com/ " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tel" content="+27-73-177-9131" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="micheal_mariole@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message-To" content="micheal_mariole@yahoo.com" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="micheal_mariole@yahoo.com " />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PerlMx-Spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXX, Probability=100%, Report='RCVD_IN_SBL 3, NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, NIGERIAN_BODY4 2.900, NIGERIAN_SUBJECT2 2.900, URGENT_BIZ 1.799, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, RISK_FREE 1.278, MILLION_USD 1.204, NA_DOLLARS 0.765, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, LINES_OF_YELLING_3 0.671, US_DOLLARS_2 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, __MSGID_BEFORE_OKAY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_52 0, ACT_NOW 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_15 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_28 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_9 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_8 0, __MSGID_BEFORE_RECEIVED 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0'" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040610113753.75015.qmail@web52606.mail.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.9.103144" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040610113753.75015.qmail@web52606.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Thu Jun 10 07:38:12 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0 " />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-perlmx-spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXX, Probability=100%, Report='RCVD_IN_SBL 3, NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, NIGERIAN_BODY4 2.900, NIGERIAN_SUBJECT2 2.900, URGENT_BIZ 1.799, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, RISK_FREE 1.278, MILLION_USD 1.204, NA_DOLLARS 0.765, US_DOLLARS_3 0.694, LINES_OF_YELLING_3 0.671, US_DOLLARS_2 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, __MSGID_BEFORE_OKAY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_52 0, ACT_NOW 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_15 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_28 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_9 0, __MIME_TEXT_ONLY 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_8 0, __MSGID_BEFORE_RECEIVED 0, __CT 0, __CT_TEXT_PLAIN 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-936" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.9.103144" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040610113753.75015.qmail@web52606.mail.yahoo.com&gt; " />
<title>URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM MR MICHAEL.K.MARIOLE
JOHANNESBURG SOUTH AFRICA
Tel: +27-73-177-9131
URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL
  
ATTN; Sir,

I know that this letter will come to you as a
surprise? But please do receive it with humanitarian
hearth, First of all let me introduce my self to you. 
   I am Mr.MICHAEL KADUSO MARIOLE,The son of late
Brigadier. Jonathan Sanui Mariole former Special
Adviser on Arms and Acquisition to the former
president of Liberia Mr.Charles Taylor who is
presently on Political Asylum in CALABAR,
NIGERIA.sequel to the political crisis which engulfed
the entire LIBERIA for years now.He finally stepped
down on the 11th day of August, 2003.

President Charles Taylor delegated my father to
arrange
for arm purchase from the Republic of South Africa
through an independent Arms dealer, he was directed to
purchase arms worth US$18.5.M (Eighteen Million,Five
Hundred Thousand, United States Dollars only) on
arrival to South Africa, through diplomatic
means,foreseing the extent of carnage in my country he
decided to deposit the Fund with a private Security
Company in my name(Mr.MICHAEL KADUSO MARIOLE) being
the first Son of the family.Hence that is a singular
opportunity he has to establish a strong financial
base for his family. This consignment was deposited in
disguise as a family valuable to tune of
$18.5m.Shortly on arrival from South Africa, he died
of gun short wounds he sustained during an attack at
his official quarters.

BUT, before he died HE WROTE HIS WILL, which reads
"(MY
BELOVED SON ,I WISH TO DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE SUM
OF($18,500,000=). MILLION U.S DOLLARS WHICH I
DEPOSITED IN A BOX WITH A SECURITY COMPANY IN
JOHANNESBURG (SOUTH-AFRICA).IN CASE OF MY ABSENCE ON
EARTH CAUSED BY DEATH ONLY". You should solicit for a
reliable foreign partner to assist you to transfer
this money out of SOUTH AFRICA for investment purpose.
I deposited the money in your name and it can be
claimed by you alone with the deposit code. your
mother has all the documents. Take good care of your
mother and brother."

However I wish to inform you that I came across your
name and profile through South African Net work
Service negotiation, For a credible and reliable
foreign partner to assist me in the transfer of this
fund .The major reason why I need your assistance is
because I am presently residing here in South Africa
as a REFUGEE and the Financial Laws of South Africa
restricts ASYLUM SEEKERS from certain Political,
Social and Economic Rights and as a result of that I
am not allowed to work or even to operate an account,
Thus I was advised by an Attorney here in South Africa
to look for a foreigner in who's name the transfer
will be made. 

I cannot invest this money in South Africa, hence I am
asking you to assist me to transfer this money out of
South-Africa for investment purposes. For your
efforts, I am prepared to offer you 20% of the total
fund, while 5% will be set aside for local and
international expenses and 75% will be kept for my
family investment in your country.

Finally,all modalities on how the transfer will be
made
shall be conveyed to you once we establish trust and
confidence between ourselves.Therefore,if you have
interest in assisting me in the Transfer of this
Fund,please do not hesitate to contact me on my direct
line +27-73-177-9131,or my e-mail address. Remember,
this transaction is 100% risk free so you have nothing
to be scared of. 

Thanks for your anticipated understanding.Looking
forward to your urgent reply .For detailed
information, please contact me. 

Yours Faithfully,
MR.MICHAEL. K. MARIOLE
(FOR THE FAMILY).




	
		
__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Friends.  Fun.  Try the all-new Yahoo! Messenger.
http://messenger.yahoo.com/ 

</p>

</body></html>