<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 19.921  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="Top Priority" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mohammed Abacha&quot; &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_50,DATE_IN_PAST_96_XX,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,FROM_HAS_ULINE_NUMS,LINES_OF_YELLING,LINES_OF_YELLING_2,LINES_OF_YELLING_3,MAILTO_TO_SPAM_ADDR,MILLION_USD,MIME_QP_EXCESSIVE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED,UNDISC_RECIPS,UPPERCASE_75_100,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-05-29T14:39:55Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="&lt;R@E&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@E" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 19.921  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="mohammedabacha99@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_50,DATE_IN_PAST_96_XX,FORGED_MUA_OUTLOOK,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS,FROM_HAS_ULINE_NUMS,LINES_OF_YELLING,LINES_OF_YELLING_2,LINES_OF_YELLING_3,MAILTO_TO_SPAM_ADDR,MILLION_USD,MIME_QP_EXCESSIVE,MSGID_FROM_MTA_SHORT,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,RATWARE_OE_MALFORMED,UNDISC_RECIPS,UPPERCASE_75_100,US_DOLLARS_3" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="mohammedabacha99@indiatimes.com" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Top Priority" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200406130435.i5D4ZUHf003764@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mohammed Abacha&quot; &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mohammed Abacha&quot; &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-05-29T14:39:55Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-05-29T14:39:55Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 14 17:00:36 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200406130435.i5D4ZUHf003764@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mohammed Abacha" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mohammed Abacha&quot; &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-939" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mohammed Abacha &lt;mohammed_abacha2004@indiatimes.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200406130435.i5D4ZUHf003764@smtp.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>Top Priority</title>
</head>
<body><p>ALHAJI MOHAMMED ABACHA
2/8 GIDADO DRIVE,GRA,
KANO - NIGERIA.

PLEASE AS YOU READ KINDLY OPEN THE WEBSITE
http://www.onlinenigeria.com/links/adv.asp?blurb=126
.PLEASE EXCUSE MY INTRUSION
INTO YOUR PRIVATE LIFE AS I WRITE YOU THIS LETTER IN
GOOD FAITH AND TO THE GLORY OF ALMIGHTY GOD WHO THUS
BROUGHT ME OUT CLEAN AFTER ALL THE ALLEGATIONS
LEVELLED AGAINST ME AFTER THE DEATH OF MY FATHER
GENERAL SANI ABACHA (FORMER NIGERIAN MILITARY HEAD OF
STATES).MY RELEASE FROM PRISON WAS NECESSITATED BY THE
EFFORTS OF THE SENATE PRESIDENT CHIEF ANYIM PIUS ANYIM
AND THE SPEAKER OF THE LOWER HOUSE ALHAJI GHALI
NA'ABBA.

SINCE MY FATHER'S DEATH AND MY DETENTION FOR CLOSE TO
THREE YEARS, MY FAMILY HAS BEEN LOOSING A LOT OF MONEY
DUE TO VINDICTIVE GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS WHO ARE BENT ON
DEALING WITH OUR FAMILY. AFTER MY RELEASE THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA HAS MADE ME SIGN SOME DOCUMENTS
THAT WILL ENABLE THEM EXTRACT THE SUM OF ONE BILLION
FIVE HUNDRED MILLION US DOLLARS FROM MY FATHER’S BANK
ACCOUNTS IN
LONDON,SWITZERLAND,LUXEMBIURG,LIECHTENSTEIN AND JESEY
ETC.
MY FAMILY AND I ARE LOOKING FOR A TRUSTWORTHY FOREIGN
PARTNER WHO CAN ASSIST US BY TAKING POSESSION OF THE
TOTAL SUM OF US$25,000,000.00 ( TWENTY FIVE MILLION
UNITED STATES DOLLARS ), WHICH THE GOVERNMENT DID NOT
KNOW ABOUT. BECAUSE IN THEIR THINKING THEY WANT TO
LEAVE ONLY ONE HUNDRED MILLION TO MY FAMILY THIS MONEY
IS PRESENTLY IN THE POSSESSION OF A SECURITY COMPANY
ABROAD. THIS MONEY WAS OF COURSE, ACQUIRED BY MY LATE
FATHER AND IS NOW KEPT SECRETLY BY THE FAMILY. THE
SWISS GOVERNMENT HAS ALREADY FROZEN ALL OTHER ACCOUNTS
OF MY FAMILY IN SWITZERLAND, AND SOME OTHER COUNTRIES
ALSO TRIED DOING LIKE WISE. THIS BID BY SOME
GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS TO DEAL WITH THIS FAMILY HAS MADE
IT NECESSARY THAT I SEEK YOUR ASSISITANCE IN RECEIVING
THIS MONEY AND IN INVESTING IT ON BEHALF OF MY FAMILY.
THIS MUST BE A JOINT VENTURE TRANSACTION AND WE MUST
ALL WORK TOGETHER. SINCE THIS MONEY IS STILL
CASH,EXTRA SECURITY MEASURES HAVE BEEN TAKEN TO
PROTECT IT FROM THEFT OR SEIZURE. I HAVE PERSONALLY
WORKED OUT ALL MODALITIES FOR THE PEACEFUL CONCLUSION
OF THIS TRANSACTION WITH THE SECUITY COMPANY.

HOWEVER, BASED ON THE GROUNDS THAT YOU ARE WILLING TO
WORK WITH ME AND ALSO ALL CONTENTIOUS ISSUES DISCUSSED
BEFORE THE COMMENCEMENT OF THIS TRANSACTION. YOU MAY
ALSO DISCUSS YOUR PERCENTAGE BEFORE WE START TO
WORK.AS SOON AS I HEAR FROM YOU, I WILL GIVE YOU ALL
NECESSARY DETAILS AS TO HOW WE INTEND TO CARRY OUT THE
WHOLE TRANSACTION. PLEASE, DO NOT ENTERTAIN ANY FEARS,
AS ALL NECESSARY MODALITIES ARE IN PLACE, AND I ASSURE
YOU OF ALL SUCCESS AND SAFETY IN THIS
TRANSACTION.PLEASE, THIS TRANSACTION REQUIRES ABSOLUTE
CONFIDENTIALITY AND YOU WOULD BE EXPECTED TO TREAT IT
AS SUCH. IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN ASSISTING ME PLEASE
SEND ME YOUR CONCENT AND TELEPHONE NUMBER.

PLEASE, YOU MAY ALSO IGNORE THIS LETTER AND RESPECT MY
TRUST IN YOU BY NOT EXPOSING THIS TRANSACTION, SHOULD
YOU NOT BE INTERESTED.

I LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING WITH YOU.

THANK YOU

ALHAJI MOHAMMED ABACHA

PLEASE YOU CAN AS WELL REACH ME VIA THIS EMAIL ADDRESS -
mohammedabacha2004@indiatimes.com


</p>

</body></html>