<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="ASKING FOR  ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bongowale2001@yahoo.co.in business is 100% risk&lt;BR&gt;free and the nature of your business does not&lt;BR&gt;necessary matter. So if you are willing to assist us&lt;BR&gt;claim the ownership of this money,I and my family have&lt;BR&gt;agreed to give you 20% of the total money, 40% will be&lt;BR&gt;for a joint business venture I will be doing with you&lt;BR&gt;and another 35% will be for me and my family which we&lt;BR&gt;shall also invest in your country and the remaining 5%&lt;BR&gt;will be mapped out for all expenses we may incure&lt;BR&gt;during the transaction.&lt;BR&gt;Therefor, if you are willing and interested to render&lt;BR&gt;the needed assistance. Please funish me your private phone and Fax&lt;BR&gt;number&lt;BR&gt;for easy and better communication.&lt;BR&gt;Remember that this is highly confidential and the&lt;BR&gt;success of this business depends on how secret it is kept.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Expecting your reply soonest.&lt;BR&gt;Best Regard.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;BONGO WALE&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;font face=arial size=-1&gt;" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="bongowale2001@yahoo.co.in" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="bongowale2001@yahoo.co.in business is 100% risk&lt;BR&gt;free and the nature of your business does not&lt;BR&gt;necessary matter. So if you are willing to assist us&lt;BR&gt;claim the ownership of this money,I and my family have&lt;BR&gt;agreed to give you 20% of the total money, 40% will be&lt;BR&gt;for a joint business venture I will be doing with you&lt;BR&gt;and another 35% will be for me and my family which we&lt;BR&gt;shall also invest in your country and the remaining 5%&lt;BR&gt;will be mapped out for all expenses we may incure&lt;BR&gt;during the transaction.&lt;BR&gt;Therefor, if you are willing and interested to render&lt;BR&gt;the needed assistance. Please funish me your private phone and Fax&lt;BR&gt;number&lt;BR&gt;for easy and better communication.&lt;BR&gt;Remember that this is highly confidential and the&lt;BR&gt;success of this business depends on how secret it is kept.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;Expecting your reply soonest.&lt;BR&gt;Best Regard.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;BONGO WALE&lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;font face=arial size=-1&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PerlMx-Spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIII, Probability=94%, Report='NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, NIGERIAN_BODY4 2.900, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, RISK_FREE 1.278, NA_DOLLARS 0.765, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0.001, __CTYPE_HAS_BOUNDARY 0, __CTYPE_MULTIPART 0, __CTE 0, __MSGID_BEFORE_RECEIVED 0, DEAR_SOMETHING 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_46 0, __MSGID_BEFORE_OKAY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_13 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_20 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __MIME_HTML 0, __FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __CTYPE_MULTIPART_ALT 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __CT 0'" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Multipart-Boundary" content="0-917022872-1086962826=:56616" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040611140706.58946.qmail@web8310.mail.in.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="ASKING FOR  ASSISTANCE" />
<meta name="MboxParser-tell" content="+27-732112866." />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.10.103327" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-PMX-Version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.10.103327" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040611140706.58946.qmail@web8310.mail.in.yahoo.com&gt; the&lt;BR&gt;establishment of new farms in Lesotho and Swaziland.&lt;BR&gt;This land problem arose when President R. MUGABE&lt;BR&gt;introduced a new land Act. which wholly affects the&lt;BR&gt;White rich farmers and some few blacks vehemently&lt;BR&gt;condemned the 'MODUS OPERANDI' adopted by the&lt;BR&gt;government. This resulted to rampant killing and mob&lt;BR&gt;actions. I and my family who are currently staying in South&lt;BR&gt;Africa as refugees or asylum seekers have decided&lt;BR&gt;to enter your name as foreigner/beneficiary of the&lt;BR&gt;Trunck Cases containing the Cash (USD12M) for futher&lt;BR&gt;transfer of the money to a foreign country where we&lt;BR&gt;can invest it. I am faced with the dilemma of&lt;BR&gt;claiming/investing this amount of money in South&lt;BR&gt;Africa for fear of encountering the same experience in&lt;BR&gt;future since both countries have the same political&lt;BR&gt;history. Moreover, the South African monetary policy/law does&lt;BR&gt;not allow such investment hence I am seeking for&lt;BR&gt;an asylum or refugee.&lt;BR&gt;I must let you know tha!" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="format" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-917022872-1086962826=" content="56616" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-917022872-1086962826=" content="56616" />
<meta name="MboxParser---0-917022872-1086962826=" content="56616--" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Mon Jun 14 16:59:57 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Multipart-Subtype" content="alternative" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-perlmx-spam" content="Gauge=XXXXXXXXXIIII, Probability=94%, Report='NIGERIAN_BODY3 2.900, NIGERIAN_BODY4 2.900, NIGERIAN_BODY2 1.442, NIGERIAN_BODY1 1.296, RISK_FREE 1.278, NA_DOLLARS 0.765, SUBJ_ALL_CAPS 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING_2 0.001, LINES_OF_YELLING 0.001, FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0.001, __CTYPE_HAS_BOUNDARY 0, __CTYPE_MULTIPART 0, __CTE 0, __MSGID_BEFORE_RECEIVED 0, DEAR_SOMETHING 0.000, __NIGERIAN_BODY_45 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_46 0, __MSGID_BEFORE_OKAY 0, __HAS_MSGID 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_1 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_13 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_20 0, __NIGERIAN_BODY_26 0, __SANE_MSGID 0, __MIME_HTML 0, __FROM_ENDS_IN_NUMS 0, __TO_MALFORMED_2 0, __MIME_VERSION 0, __CTYPE_MULTIPART_ALT 0, __EVITE_CTYPE 0, __CT 0'" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-942" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.10.103327" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-pmx-version" content="4.6.0.99824, Antispam-Core: 4.6.0.101390, Antispam-Data: 2004.6.10.103327" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040611140706.58946.qmail@web8310.mail.in.yahoo.com&gt; the&lt;BR&gt;establishment of new farms in Lesotho and Swaziland.&lt;BR&gt;This land problem arose when President R. MUGABE&lt;BR&gt;introduced a new land Act. which wholly affects the&lt;BR&gt;White rich farmers and some few blacks vehemently&lt;BR&gt;condemned the 'MODUS OPERANDI' adopted by the&lt;BR&gt;government. This resulted to rampant killing and mob&lt;BR&gt;actions. I and my family who are currently staying in South&lt;BR&gt;Africa as refugees or asylum seekers have decided&lt;BR&gt;to enter your name as foreigner/beneficiary of the&lt;BR&gt;Trunck Cases containing the Cash (USD12M) for futher&lt;BR&gt;transfer of the money to a foreign country where we&lt;BR&gt;can invest it. I am faced with the dilemma of&lt;BR&gt;claiming/investing this amount of money in South&lt;BR&gt;Africa for fear of encountering the same experience in&lt;BR&gt;future since both countries have the same political&lt;BR&gt;history. Moreover, the South African monetary policy/law does&lt;BR&gt;not allow such investment hence I am seeking for&lt;BR&gt;an asylum or refugee.&lt;BR&gt;I must let you know tha!" />
<title>ASKING FOR  ASSISTANCE</title>
</head>
<body>

FROM BONGO WALE

JOHANNESBURG,SOUTH AFRICA.
TELL:+27-732112866.

Dear sir,

I am MR, BONGO WALE, the son of late
MR.PATRICK WALE, who was murdered in a land dispute
in ZIMBABWE.I got your contact during my search for
reliable&amp;compitent foreigner to handle a confidential
financial transaction, then I decided to write you. My
late father was among the few black Zimbabwean rich
farmers murdered in cold blood by the agent of the
ruling government of President ROBERT MUGABE for his
alleged support and sympathy for Zimbabwean opposition
party. Before the death of my father, he took me to South
Africa to deposit the sum of Twelve million US Dollars
($12m) with a security and finance company, as if he
knew the looming danger in Zimbabwe. The money was
deposited as a gem/precious stone to avoid much
dumourage from the security firm.
This money was earmarked for the purchase of new
machinery and chemicals for the farms and
 the
establishment of new farms in Lesotho and Swaziland.
This land problem arose when President R. MUGABE
introduced a new land Act. which wholly affects the
White rich farmers and some few blacks vehemently
condemned the 'MODUS OPERANDI' adopted by the
government. This resulted to rampant killing and mob
actions. I and my family who are currently staying in South
Africa as refugees or asylum seekers have decided
to enter your name as foreigner/beneficiary of the
Trunck Cases containing the Cash (USD12M) for futher
transfer of the money to a foreign country where we
can invest it. I am faced with the dilemma of
claiming/investing this amount of money in South
Africa for fear of encountering the same experience in
future since both countries have the same political
history. Moreover, the South African monetary policy/law does
not allow such investment hence I am seeking for
an asylum or refugee.
I must let you know tha!
 t this
 business is 100% risk
free and the nature of your business does not
necessary matter. So if you are willing to assist us
claim the ownership of this money,I and my family have
agreed to give you 20% of the total money, 40% will be
for a joint business venture I will be doing with you
and another 35% will be for me and my family which we
shall also invest in your country and the remaining 5%
will be mapped out for all expenses we may incure
during the transaction.
Therefor, if you are willing and interested to render
the needed assistance. Please funish me your private phone and Fax
number
for easy and better communication.
Remember that this is highly confidential and the
success of this business depends on how secret it is kept.

Expecting your reply soonest.
Best Regard.

BONGO WALE



<p>
<a shape="rect" href="http://in.rd.yahoo.com/specials/mailtg/*http://yahoo.shaadi.com/india-matrimony/">
Yahoo! India Matrimony</a>: Find your partner 
<a shape="rect" href="http://in.rd.yahoo.com/specials/mailtg2/*http://yahoo.shaadi.com/india-matrimony/community.php">online</a>.</p>

</body></html>