<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Accept-Language" content="en" />
<meta name="subject" content="Contact (Please Respond)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;MR. JOHN PETERS&quot; &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR. JOHN PETERS &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-http" content="//www.nigeriabusinessinfo.com/id-card180203.htm" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="mr_john_peters@telstra.com" />
<meta name="MboxParser-priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrjohnpeters1@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="mrjohnpeters1@katamail.com" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="mrjohnpeters1@katamail.com" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-type" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-disposition" content="inline" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Contact (Please Respond)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-id" content="&lt;30d849830d8dbe.30d8dbe30d8498@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="7BIT" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;30d849830d8dbe.30d8dbe30d8498@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;MR. JOHN PETERS&quot; &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR. JOHN PETERS &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;MR. JOHN PETERS&quot; &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR. JOHN PETERS &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-language" content="en" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=us-ascii" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;mr_john_peters@bigpond.com&gt; id &lt;0HZU00FRKLL8K9@mta04ps.email.bigpond.com&gt;; Fri, 25 Jun 2004 14:53:37 +1000 (EST) 25 Jun 2004 14:53:32 +1000 (EST)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.26 (built Mar 31 2004)" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Priority" content="normal" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jun 25 03:17:57 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-accept-language" content="en" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;mr_john_peters@bigpond.com&gt; id &lt;0HZU00FRKLL8K9@mta04ps.email.bigpond.com&gt;; Fri, 25 Jun 2004 14:53:37 +1000 (EST) 25 Jun 2004 14:53:32 +1000 (EST) " />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="MR. JOHN PETERS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;MR. JOHN PETERS&quot; &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR. JOHN PETERS &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="iPlanet Messenger Express 5.2 HotFix 1.26 (built Mar 31 2004)" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-954" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="MR. JOHN PETERS &lt;mr_john_peters@telstra.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;30d849830d8dbe.30d8dbe30d8498@email.bigpond.com&gt;" />
<title>Contact (Please Respond)</title>
</head>
<body><p>
Mr. John Peters
Nigeria National Orientation Agency
Federal Ministry of  Information
Radio House-Abuja.
e - mail:   mrjohnpeters2@katamail.com

Dear Friend,

I am Director of Civic registration and finance Nigeria National Orientation 
Agency (NNOA) Federal Ministry of Information. I must start this email by 
acknowledging the wisdom in choosing to reveal my 26years AMBITION since the 
National Identity Card project was kicked off some 26years ago by a bill 
passed into law by the national assembly for the registration and 
identification of every Nigerian above the age of 18years.

During our final verification exercise we discovered an excess allocation to 
our agency to the tune of Fourteen Million, Three Hundred 
Thousand United States Dollar and we intend to keep this money for our 
personal use by fronting you as one of the foreign contractors due for 
payment. This sum (US$14.3Million) will be paid into your account as your 
contractual entitlement.

The good news is that precisely 1st of April, 2004, 26years after, the 
government has started distributing the national identity card. The 
reason am writing you this mail is that the presidency, federal republic of 
Nigeria  have approved allocation for payment due to all contractor (Foreign 
and Local) to the agency and this gives us opportunity to  transfer this over 
invoiced sum to you, who we shall present as a foreign contractor.  We are 
handicapped in the circumstances, as the Civil service code of conduct does 
not allow us to operate foreign  accounts hence your importance in the whole 
transaction. Therefore, we want to utilize this opportunity, as a lot of 
foreign contractors will be paid in this quarter of the year 2004 to transfer 
the fund out of the country.

Please do not disregard this mail and for avoidance of doubt you can verify 
the National Identity card projectby visiting  our website as 
posted by Nigeria business information in 2003 when the registration started. 
But do not disclose my identity or the actual nature of this transaction as I 
am still a serving officer in the ministry. 

http://www.nigeriabusinessinfo.com/id-card180203.htm

In other to present  you/your Company as the beneficiary of the sum of 
US$14.3M. For this purpose we will incorporate your company and 
register you as a contractor with the Nigerian National Orientation Agency 
(NNOA). We will also by virtue of our official positions secure for your 
company the necessary backup documentation that will facilitate the 
release/transfer of the fund into your account. These documents of course 
will 
be destroyed within 10-14 working days at the successful completion of the 
transfer. We want to assure you that your help will not in any way bring your 
company name into disrepute.

Please reply urgently by  or e - mail:   mrjohnpeters09@uymail.com   

Also send me your confidential phone number and fax number.

as we expect that the transaction will not take more than ten working days. 
We 
shall discus sharing ratio and other modalities when I get your response. 
Please note that this transaction must be top secret.

Yours sincerely,
Mr. John Peters
e - mail:   mrjohnpeters2@katamail.com




                                                                      

</p>

</body></html>