<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="From Mr.Ctibor Pilna/Reply. " />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="ctiboudey@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;20040630021632.26738.qmail@web25208.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="ctiboudey@yahoo.ca" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="From Mr.Ctibor Pilna/Reply. " />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;20040630021632.26738.qmail@web25208.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;imeldauchechi@yahoo.co.uk&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Wed Jun 30 02:35:39 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;imeldauchechi@yahoo.co.uk&gt; (URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-961" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;20040630021632.26738.qmail@web25208.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;" />
<title>From Mr.Ctibor Pilna/Reply. </title>
</head>
<body><p>&gt;From Mr.Ctibor Pilna.
# 18 SILVER CRESCENT
JOHANNESBURG SOUTH AFRICA.
#874-763-427980. 
Fax874-763-427981.

                 (URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)

Dear Sir/Madam,

In order to transfer from a Bank some amount of
money,I have the courage to look for a reliable and
honest person who will be capable for this important
business believing that you will never let me down
either now or in the future.

I am Mr.Ctibor Pilna,a consulting auditor of prime
banks here in South Africa.

On June 6,1998,an American Mining onsultant/contractor
with the South African Mining corporation, Mr.Gregory
A.Williams made a numbered time (fixed)deposit for
twelve calendar months,value US $14,200,000.00 an
account. On maturity, The bank sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address but got no
reply. 

After a month,The bank sent another reminder and
finally his contract employers,the South African
Mining corporation wrote to inform the bank that
Mr.Gregory A.Williams died from an automobile
accident,that he died without MAKING A WILL, and all
attempts by the American Embassy to trace his next of
kin was fruitless. 

I therefore, made further investigation and discovered
that Mr.Gregory A.Williams in fact was an immigrant
from Jamaica and only recently obtained American
citizenship.He did not declare any kin or relations in
all his official documents, including his Bank deposit
paper work. This money total U S $ 14,200,000.00 is
still sitting in my bank as dormant Account. 

No one will ever come forward to claim it, and
according to South African banking policy,after
5years, the money will revert to the ownership of the
South African Government if the account owner is
certified dead. This is the situation, and my proposal
is that I am looking for a foreigner who will stand in
as the next of kin to Mr.Gregory A.Williams,and a Bank
Account abroad will then facilitate the transfer of
this money to the beneficiary/ next of kin.

This is simple, all you have to do is to immediately
send me a bank account anywhere in the world for me to
arrange the proper money transfer paperwork. This
money total USD ($14.2M) will then be paid into this
Account for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me, 25
% for you and 5% for expenses that might come up
during transfer process. There is no risk at all, and
all the paper work for this transaction will be done
by me using my position and connection in the banks in
South Africa.

This business transaction is guaranteed. If you are
interested, please reply immediately through my
personal email sending the following details:

(1) Your Full Name/Address.

(2) Your Private Telephone/fax Number.

(3) Your Bank Name And Address.

(4) Your Account Number: 

And Sweft Code (If Any)

(5) Account Name.

Please observe the utmost confidentiality, and rest
assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because I shall require your assistance
to invest my share in your country.

I look forward to your earliest reply through  my
private email address &lt;ctiboudey@yahoo.ca&gt; Please for
the security of this business ok. Thanks and god bless
you and your family and bless me too.

Have a nice day.    

Yours truly.

Mr.Ctibor Pilna




______________________________________________________________________ 
Post your free ad now! http://personals.yahoo.ca

</p>

</body></html>