<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="Business offer" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Barr. Chris Edu&quot; &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Barr. Chris Edu &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="ed@fuorissimo.com" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-03T02:37:04Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@S" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@S" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="chrisedu@irangate.net" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="chrisedu@irangate.net" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="Business offer" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200407021836.i62IaHw08386@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Barr. Chris Edu&quot; &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Barr. Chris Edu &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Barr. Chris Edu&quot; &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Barr. Chris Edu &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-03T02:37:04Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-03T02:37:04Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jul  2 14:36:45 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200407021836.i62IaHw08386@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Barr. Chris Edu" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Barr. Chris Edu&quot; &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="Barr. Chris Edu &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-970" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Barr. Chris Edu &lt;ed@fuorissimo.com&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200407021836.i62IaHw08386@tightrope.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>Business offer</title>
</head>
<body><p>My dear friend,

I got to know of you in my search for a reputable person to assist in
An urgent deal requiring utmost trust and confidentiality.

I am Chris EdU, am a senior advocate of Nigeria and I own a personal law firm here in Lagos and Abuja both in Nigeria, (CHRISEDU CHAMBERS),
an attorney and close confidant of Mrs. Maryam
Abacha, the former first lady and wife to the late gen. Sani Abacha,
The former head of state and commander in chief of the armed forces of
The federal republic of Nigeria. She (Mrs. M. Abacha), as a result of
The trust and confidence she has in me, mandated that i search for a
Reliable and trustworthy foreign partner, who will help receive some
Funds, which she has in cash totaling us$30m (thirty million united
States dollars only) into a personal, company or any reliable foreign
Bank account for safe keeping for a short period of time. her family bank
Accounts within and outside the country have all been frozen by the authorities.

(I will refer you to this website of a leading Nigerian newspapers

The website is

www.ngrguardiannew.com page 56 back page 19/10/2001
www.thisdayonline.com 4th oct. 2001 front page
www.thisdayonline.com 13th nov.2003 front page,

for further information about this monies and the Abachas.)

It may also interest you to note that she (Mrs. Abacha) and her family
Have, since the inception of the present democratic government, been
Placed under partial house arrest, with their international traveler's
Passports seized pending when the current fund recovery will end
Between them and present president Gen. Obasanjo led federal government
Is resolved, which from all indications will not exceed this year.

Already, the present regime has released Mohammed Sanni Abacha, the first son
from prison custody.

She has decided to offer your good self if you are willing to render
This tremendous assistance, 30% of the total sum. Note that this
Transaction involves no risk whatsoever, as you will have no dealing with my
country, Nigeria. Rather, you will deal directly with the security company and
Trust company in Europe, which is where the money is right now. p/s respond to
This confidential email address: chrisedu@irangate.net

Kindly forward your confidential Tel / Fax number in your response to this
proposal. This matter should be treated as urgent and confidential.

Best regards,
Barr. Chris Edu


</p>

</body></html>