<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="YES -- Hits: 28.676  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP    !!! jknvg" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,FORGED_RCVD_NET_HELO,MAILTO_TO_SPAM_ADDR,MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,PLING_PLING,RCVD_AM_PM,RCVD_HELO_IP_MISMATCH,URGENT_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3,X_PRIORITY_HIGH" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-04T15:08:58Z" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="YES -- Hits: 28.676  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_99,DEAR_SOMETHING,FORGED_RCVD_HELO,FORGED_RCVD_NET_HELO,MAILTO_TO_SPAM_ADDR,MSGID_FROM_MTA_HEADER,NIGERIAN_BODY1,NIGERIAN_BODY2,NIGERIAN_BODY3,NIGERIAN_BODY4,PLING_PLING,RCVD_AM_PM,RCVD_HELO_IP_MISMATCH,URGENT_BIZ,US_DOLLARS_3,X_PRIORITY_HIGH" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP    !!! jknvg" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200407041509.i64F94uU018116@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-04T15:08:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Mime-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-04T15:08:58Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;	for &lt;R@E&gt;; Sun, 4 Jul 2004 11:09:11 -0400" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Build 10.0.2616" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-priority" content="1" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Priority" content="1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jul  4 11:10:17 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dan@danielm.org&gt; for &lt;R@E&gt;; Sun, 4 Jul 2004 11:09:11 -0400" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200407041509.i64F94uU018116@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Sender" content="vxutDaniel  Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="MboxParser-sender" content="vxutDaniel  Wilson &lt;dan@danielm.org&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="Dan Wilson" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Build 10.0.2616" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-974" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200407041509.i64F94uU018116@mail.eecs.UM&gt;" />
<title>BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP    !!! jknvg</title>
</head>
<body><p>cksmkdvqxu
gbvcftuqegel
ykegfkc
oddjrop



From:Dan Wilson
Kenya Commercial Bank
City Centre, Nairobi.
Kenya



Dear Sir/Madam,

May I crave your indulgence to open this business discussion with you by an informal letter of this
sort. It is pertinent that a business of this magnitude should have commenced properly with a formal 
meeting between you and us to enable both parties know ourselves, have a fore knowledge of the 
nature of the business, discuss and acquaint ourselves with the responsibilities and functions of both 
parties and appropriate shares accordingly.

I am Dan Wilson Branch Manager of Kenya Commercial Bank in Kenya.This is an urgent and very 
confidential business proposition.On June 6, 2001,a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the Kenya 
Ministry Of Energy,Mr.Clifford Stone made a numbered time(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, 
valued at US$21,500,000.00, (Twenty-One Million, five hundred thousand Dollars) in my branch.Upon 
maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month,we
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers,the Kenya Ministry of Energy that 
Mr.Clifford Stone died from an automobile accident.

On further investigation,I found out that he died without making a WILL,and all attempts to trace his
next of kin was fruitless.I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.Clifford Stone
did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork in 
my Bank. 
This sum ofUS$21,500,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping. No one will ever 
come forward to claim it. According to Kenya Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) ownership of the 
Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a Foreigner to stand in as the owner of the money
which was fixed deposited in my bank. I am writing you because I as a public servant,i cannot operate a
foreign account. I want to present you as the owner of the funds so you can be able to claim them with 
the help of myposition. This is simple.I will like you to provide immediately you telephone number,full 
names and address to enble me prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the 
original beneficiary of the funds.

The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 70% for us and 20% for you and 10% will be 
use to off set any local or international expenses during the course of the transfer.The paperwork
for this transaction will be done by the board members and this will guarantees the successful execution 
of this transaction. 
If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email and upon your response,I shall then provide 
you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction.

Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in real estate within your country.

Due to the nature of confidentiality in this Transaction our communication can only be via email and fax 
mostly.

Awaiting your urgent reply via my private email:

Thanks and my regards.

Daniel  Wilson.



wilson8000@indiatimes.com
dan@danielm.org 




avuequdhgfv
hynafyhxcas
rvshamanfhnu

</p>

</body></html>