<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Status" content="No -- Hits: 2.698  Required: 5" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-scanned-by" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="subject" content="FEEDBACK" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="MR.james obi" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="james obi &lt;jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-summary" content="BAYES_50,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-05T01:39:00Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-spam-status" content="No -- Hits: 2.698  Required: 5" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Scanned-By" content="MIMEDefang 2.42" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Spam-Summary" content="BAYES_50,NA_DOLLARS,NIGERIAN_BODY1" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FEEDBACK" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-359044252@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-introduction" content="" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-attenion" content="" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-359044252@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="MR.james obi" />
<meta name="creator" content="james obi &lt;jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="MR.james obi" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="james obi &lt;jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-05T01:39:00Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-05T01:39:00Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Sun Jul  4 21:39:38 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za&gt; MONEY TRANSFER / INVESTMENT PROPOSAL" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="james obi" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="MR.james obi" />
<meta name="Author" content="james obi &lt;jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-979" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="james obi &lt;jamesobi1@classicmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-359044252@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<title>FEEDBACK</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM: MR.james obi

ATTENION:

           MONEY TRANSFER / INVESTMENT PROPOSAL
INTRODUCTION:
Please I do not wish to invade your privacy by sending this
mail to you. I am Mr james obi , a Civil Servant in the
Federal Ministry of Health . I know this proposal will come
to you as a surprise because we have not met physically or
through correspondence.

I got your contact from our chamber of commerce here in
Nigeria and have no doubt about your ability to handle a
huge sum of money.
THE SUBJECT:
My father Chief Solomon Dama (Now Late) was the Royal Head
of my community , Eleme (an oil rich town) in Nigeria . My
community produces 5.8% of the total crude oil in Nigeria
and 0.5% of the Dollar value of each barrel is paid to my
father as royalty by the Federal Government . My father was
also the head and chairman of Eleme Special Oil Trust Fund
. In his position as the royal head and chairman of the Oil
Trust Fund , he made some money which he left for me as the
only heir to inherit. The money is Twenty Five Million, Two
Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($25.2M). This money originated
from the accumulated royalties between 1976-1998. Due to
poor banking system in Nigeria and political instability as
a result of past military interventions , he deposited this
money in a vault with an open beneficiary to a security
company pending when he will finish arrangement to transfer
it abroad. He was planning this when he suddenly died late
last year of heart attack.
THE PROPOSAL:
Just before my father died , he called my attention to the
money and charged me to look for a foreigner who will
assist in the transfer /investment of the funds abroad . So
I will be very grateful if you can accept to help me in
this regard . I promise to give you 20% of the total funds
transferred to your vital bank account as compensation for
your assistance . Five percent (5%) would be set aside to
take care of all expenses we may incure during transaction.
To indicate your interest , contact me urgenly and
confidentially for more information and the roles you will
play in this business. All the legal documents concerning
this money will be sent to you as soon as we reach a
compromise. Maybe this will be the beginning of an intimate
and rosy relationship between my family and yours
Send your reply asap and may the almighty God bless you

Yours Faithfully,

Mr james obi                  

</p>

</body></html>