<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="URGENT REPLY!" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;ROBERT MAJUS&quot; &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="ROBERT MAJUS &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="RO" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="robe878@tiscali.it" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-06T10:51:16Z" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="R@M" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="R@M" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="RO" />
<meta name="MboxParser-reply-to" content="robe878@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Reply-To" content="robe878@tiscali.co.uk" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="URGENT REPLY!" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;200407061154.i66BsBCv030464@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;ROBERT MAJUS&quot; &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="ROBERT MAJUS &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;ROBERT MAJUS&quot; &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="ROBERT MAJUS &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-06T10:51:16Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;us-ascii&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-06T10:51:16Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="quoted-printable" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Tue Jul  6 07:54:22 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-Id" content="&lt;200407061154.i66BsBCv030464@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="ROBERT MAJUS" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;ROBERT MAJUS&quot; &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Author" content="ROBERT MAJUS &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-985" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="ROBERT MAJUS &lt;robe878@tiscali.it&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;200407061154.i66BsBCv030464@escape.mr.itd.UM&gt;" />
<title>URGENT REPLY!</title>
</head>
<body><p>Dear Friend,
Sorry to enroach on your privacy,but this is very important.
study this portion carefully if you will be able to handle,as i
might not want to be exposed of the information;considering the source
and reputation of my name.
I am the director of project and the newly appointed chairman contract
reviewing committee[CRC]of the federal ministry of works and housing[FMW&amp;H]in
abuja,nigeria.
I am seeking your assistance to enable me transfer
the sum of US$16,500,000.00  into your private/company account for our
mutual benefits.
This money came about as a result of a contract executed on behalf of
my ministry[the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing].
The contract was officially assigned to be awarded and executed by two
foreign contractors at the tune of US$80,500,000.00 but in the course
of my negotiation,i bargained with only one foreign contractor,a
bulgarian firm which now executed the contract at the cost of
US$64,000,000.00.
Thus leaving the remaining US$16,5M to my benefits unknown to the
contractor and another person in my ministry.this contract has been
satisfactorily executed and  inspected as the bulgarian firm is
presently
securing his payment from my ministry.
It is however to this effect that i seek your maximum assistance and
approval to present your company/your name alongside the Bulgarian
contractor  as the second foreign contractor to enable me transfer the
difference[US16.5M]into
your account for investment.
On actualization of the transaction,the funds will be share thus;
1, 30% of the money will go to you for acting as the beneficiary of
the fund.
2. 10% for reimburstment to both parties for the incidential expenses
that may be incurred in the course of the transaction for the insurance,phone
bills,documentation and e.t.c.
3. 60% to me.
All logistics are in place and all modalities worked out for the
smooth actualization of the transaction within fourteen working days of
commencement after receipt of the following information by e-mail:your
company's
name,address,phone/fax number and activities.
The above information will enable me make the application and lodge
claims to the concerned ministries in favour of your company or name
and it is pertinent to state here that this deal is entirely
based on trust and the fear of GOD.
If you are able to handle this transaction,feel free to reach me on
this email address robe878@tiscali.co.uk
for a perfect understanding of the transaction
Thanks in anticipation for your response.

Yours faithfully
Robert Majus.


</p>

</body></html>