<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="subject" content="FROM:Mr.D Dumas." />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="&quot;Mr. Dicka Dumas&quot; &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt; that might come up during transfer process. There is no" />
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Mr. Dicka Dumas &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-status" content="O" />
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2004-07-10T01:58:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:From-Email" content="dicka@galmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dicka@galmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message-To" content="dicka@galmail.co.za" />
<meta name="dc:format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Message-Recipient-Address" content="dicka@galmail.co.za" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Status" content="O" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:MIME-Version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="dc:title" content="FROM:Mr.D Dumas." />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Message-ID" content="&lt;web-364600008@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="Content-Type-Override" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="Content-Type" content="message/rfc822" />
<meta name="MboxParser-content-transfer-encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="identifier" content="&lt;web-364600008@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<meta name="creator" content="&quot;Mr. Dicka Dumas&quot; &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt; that might come up during transfer process. There is no" />
<meta name="creator" content="Mr. Dicka Dumas &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.DefaultParser" />
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.mail.RFC822Parser" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Type" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="&quot;Mr. Dicka Dumas&quot; &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt; that might come up during transfer process. There is no" />
<meta name="meta:author" content="Mr. Dicka Dumas &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2004-07-10T01:58:12Z" />
<meta name="format" content="text/plain; charset=&quot;ISO-8859-1&quot;" />
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2004-07-10T01:58:12Z" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Content-Transfer-Encoding" content="8bit" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:Return-Path" content="&lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="MboxParser-x-mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="MboxParser-from" content="r  Fri Jul  9 21:58:26 2004" />
<meta name="MboxParser-return-path" content="&lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt; relations in all his official documents, including his" />
<meta name="MboxParser-mime-version" content="1.0" />
<meta name="Message:From-Name" content="Mr. Dicka Dumas" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_depth" content="1" />
<meta name="Author" content="&quot;Mr. Dicka Dumas&quot; &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt; that might come up during transfer process. There is no" />
<meta name="Author" content="Mr. Dicka Dumas &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="Message:Raw-Header:X-Mailer" content="CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8" />
<meta name="X-TIKA:embedded_resource_path" content="/embedded-990" />
<meta name="Message-From" content="Mr. Dicka Dumas &lt;dicka@galmail.co.za&gt;" />
<meta name="dc:identifier" content="&lt;web-364600008@mail01.infosat.net&gt;" />
<title>FROM:Mr.D Dumas.</title>
</head>
<body><p>FROM:Mr.D Dumas.
#24 garden Avenue, 
Sungu Johannesburg 
Rep Of South Africa. 


Dear Sir/Madam, 

I am Mr.D Dumas. a consulting auditor of prime banks here
in South  Africa. I have the courage to Crave indulgence
for this important  business believing that you will never
let me down either now or in the  future.


Some year ago, an American Mining consultant/ contractor
with the South African Mining corporation, made a numbered
time (fixed)deposit for   twelve calendar months, valued
$142M.USD (ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY TWO   MILLION US DOLLARS)
in an account. On maturity, The bank sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
After a month, The bank sent another reminder and finally
his contract employers, the South African Mining
corporation wrote to inform the bank that he died without
MAKING A WILL, and all attempts by the American Embassy to
trace  his next of kin was fruitless.I therefore, made
further investigation  and discovered that the beneficiary
was an immigrant from Jamaica and only  recently obtained
American citizenship. He did not declare any kin or
 relations in all his official documents, including his
Bank deposit paper work. 

This money total amount$142M.USD (ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY TWO
MILLION US DOLLARS)is still sitting in my bank as dormant
Account.No one will ever come forward to claim it, and
according to South African banking  policy, after some
years, the money will revert to the ownership of the  South
African Government if the account owner is certified dead.
This is  the situation, and my proposal is that I am
looking for a foreigner who  will stand in as the next of
kin to beneficiary, and OPEN a Bank Account  abroad to
facilitate the transfer of this money.This is simple, all
you  have to do is to OPEN an account anywhere in the world
and send me its  detail for me to arrange the proper money
transfer paperwork, and  facilitate the transfer.The money
will then be paid into this Account for us  to share in the
ratio of 60% for me, 30 % for you and 10% for expenses
 that might come up during transfer process. There is no
risk at all, and  all the paper work for this transaction
will be done by me using my  position and connections in
the banks in South Africa.

This business transaction is guaranteed.And the first phase
of the transfer will be ($42M.USD)  FORTY TWO MILLION
DOLLARS as advised by our insider in the bank.If you are
interested, please reply immediately through my personal
email sending the following details: 

(1) Your Full Name/Address 

(2) Your Private Telephone/fax Number. 

(3)Your Full Account Details. 

A{BANK ACCOUNT: 

B}BANK NAME: 

C}BANK ADDRESS 

D}BENEFICIARY OF NAME: 

E}SWIFT CODE NO: 

THEN IMMEDIATELY YOU SEND ALL THIS INFORMATION REQUIRED BY
THE 
BANK,THEY WILL IT TO CREDIT YOUR NAME AS THE TRUE
BENEFICIARY OF THE FUND.AND 
YOU HAVE TO BEAR IN MIND THAT THE DECEASE PERSON DIED
WITHOUT ANY 
{WILLS},YOU ARE STAND NOW AS THE OWNER OF THE MONEY THE
BANK KNOW OK. 


Please observe the utmost confidentiality, and rest assured
that this 
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because
I shall 
require your assistance to invest some of my share in your
country.I will 
give to you,My Private:Tele &amp; Fax Number which I bought for
this business 
upon your positive response for heart to heart discussion
and once I am 
convinced that you are capable and will meet up with the
instructions of 
a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this
business.I 
need your strong assurance that you will never let me down
now or in 
future. 

I look forward to your earliest reply through my private
email 
address.Pls you can reach me throught my private email 
account{dumas_10@yahoo.ca) 

Best Regards, 

Mr.D Dumas.

PLEASE CALL ME IF YOU NEED TO CAL,BUT YOU HAVE TO CALL
DIRECT,DUE TO IT IS STATELITE PHONE I JUST BOUGHT IT FOR
THE SUCCESS OF THE TRANSACTION 
ONLY 

Phone No:874-763-427980. 
Fax No:874-763-427981. 

</p>

</body></html>